Richelle Direny: Right.
Jessica Tate: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Hey, Jessica, how are you
Jessica Tate: I'm all right. How are you
Richelle Direny: I'm good. I'm, hold on. So I have to
Richelle Direny: It's been a while since we've seen each other.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But I think I may have no, hold on.
Richelle Direny: Hold on one second.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: OK, I see the day these I'm talking to your virtual clinic. They got me second guessing myself making me think I'm a little
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry, I'm getting a little
Jessica Tate: Oh no, you're fine.
Richelle Direny: Take your time. You know when you when you don't when your, your name is so prevalent you have like a bunch of people with the same name. And if you don't pay attention to the last name.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So,
Jessica Tate: So was it not me.
Richelle Direny: No you're not. You're supposed to be where you are. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I did what I did right I think because I don't remember booking you i think i don't know if someone else or you had called into this appointment.
Jessica Tate: Yes, because I was supposed to see you 13th and I missed it. So I called in and they gave me today.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. So they had me thinking, I'm the one that did stuff.
Jessica Tate: No, they, they, my, my phone broke and it took a week to come in. So like as soon as it came in. I called and they said that I would have to go to the virtual clinic so I did and they made it for today.
Jessica Tate: So they did.
Richelle Direny: You see, the thing is I book a lot of my own appointments
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, um, when I know like I know I know who I booked in who I didn't. Yeah, that's what I saw you on my calendar. I was like okay I guess she called in to book an appointment.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, they, they definitely booked it
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Alright, so now we're on the same page. Everything is golden.
Richelle Direny: Let us know. I can't get into another
Richelle Direny: So how is everything. Um, since the last time was men. It's been like a month, I think.
Jessica Tate: Yeah. Oh.
Jessica Tate: Oh right, it's been kind of stressful.
Jessica Tate: Night. I'm sure you've heard this probably a million times, but my husband hasn't got his unemployment yet and
Jessica Tate: It's like our trash is literally thank God they finally did gave us food stamps. So we have food but like in there. They can't shut any of our bills off, thank God.
Jessica Tate: But like my electric bills over $1,000 the trash bill. They don't care if it's Cogan or not. If you don't pay and you know you
Jessica Tate: Know he has $3 the bank account. So that's like stressful and he tried to call them and
Jessica Tate: There's so many people call and they won't even let you wait. They just say hey we're having a lot of phone calls, try again later click
Jessica Tate: So today is 38 days and I've called every single day. And I've got to talk to them three times.
Jessica Tate: And they've all told us something different. So I don't know, we talked to a supervisor. We talked to some lady like last Friday. She's like, it's perfect, like we got everything. It's good. You're good to go. You should see BC and money and then we open up his account and it says
Jessica Tate: The ship was denied. And I'm like, oh my god. So then we talked to a supervisor this Friday. And she was like, I don't know what's going on. But you are approved. And you should you should hear something by Saturday or Sunday and what's today Monday we have heard a thing. So
Richelle Direny: And this is
Richelle Direny: Our employment.
Jessica Tate: Yes, yes. Everyone that he works with has got
Jessica Tate: Their fourth check already and we haven't got one. So,
Jessica Tate: That's literally the only thing stressful in our lives right now because it's getting
Jessica Tate: It's getting
Jessica Tate: I mean, we were stressing about food, but
Jessica Tate: They helped us with that they've got so we do, we do have food now so
Richelle Direny: Let me remove this background.
Jessica Tate: But looking at I'm looking at the bills like all my app. It's like starting to scare me because like they're going up and up, like our phone bills like in the six hundreds and
Jessica Tate: You know all. It sounds like hey pay if you can, or like we have $3 and like the the stimulus check. We thought we would have his unemployment by now. So what we did. He got 1700 we took 1500 of that and gave it like we're buying this House on land contract.
Jessica Tate: So we took me 1500 and just send it to them because we didn't want to get behind them. This now you know like out of everything. We don't want to get behind on this because they're the type of people that
Jessica Tate: you blink wrong and they will take you to court and take this House and where we let her have two years left on it. So we don't want to mess that up so
Richelle Direny: We kinda you own your home.
Jessica Tate: Yes. Yeah, it was five. Five year land contract October we have a little over two years, October will be three years.
Jessica Tate: But since this has been going on. So we are a little bit paid up on that I think like by two months, but we kind of screwed ourselves because
Jessica Tate: We were just thinking like, hey, it's going to be easy. Everyone else at his job has got got it. So let's just go ahead and take 1500 and send to them. So we don't have to worry about it and then
Jessica Tate: He hasn't got unemployment. So we've been trying to live off you know like $200 for almost two months now. But like I said, they did give us food. So that's just, it's
Jessica Tate: It's starting to and it's making us like argue and fight and stuff because he's stressed out about it and he's not used to be in home so he's getting on my nerves and you know I love him, but I don't want him here 24 seven and he is. I hate to say that, but
Jessica Tate: Yeah, he said, I mean for saying that. But I'm like we just, we have a certain way, like you get up and go to work and I take care of the baby and I do housework and we just have rhythm and then we hang out on the weekends like
Jessica Tate: That or, you know, maybe a little bit when he comes home at night. But he, you know, today's 38 days that he's been home so
Jessica Tate: Yes girl yes yes 30 days today. What's this
Jessica Tate: I'm I'm having a meeting you go down. Okay.
Jessica Tate: I'm gonna put in my earphones because she come in here and
Jessica Tate: They were, they were out there mowing and waiting. But I guess they're done so.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, cuz she has a pool up on she didn't use the bathroom.
Jessica Tate: Hello.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Jessica Tate: All right.
Jessica Tate: Yeah but besides that, I'm good.
Richelle Direny: I think a lot of it is, it's an adjustment all around in everything.
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, one of the things is remembering it so
Richelle Direny: Like with with anything with anything.
Richelle Direny: It's an adjustment. So let's say if now you guys are home together for six months.
Richelle Direny: And he's
Richelle Direny: You're going to miss that, like, because like you've gotten adjusted to being together all the time.
Jessica Tate: I'm sorry, I don't know what happened. I forget, hit the side
Richelle Direny: I think when you reached over you with your hand, probably, click the off button.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, I
Jessica Tate: Think so. So, oh yeah, there's a leave button right there. Sorry.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so I think maybe well that so that's that's probably what the thing is, and like you said, a lot of your arguments is probably stemming from the fact that you're both individually frustrated with the situation not necessarily at each other.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and you don't want to argue with each other, but you're frustrated at the overall situation.
Jessica Tate: Yeah and we end up arguing
Richelle Direny: With each other. Yeah, because my because my frustration is communicated one way his frustration is community. Another way. Then you have the baby because she dessert she desires a certain time and attention.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you're
Richelle Direny: Able to provide to her because one you're preoccupied with the things that you're losing
Jessica Tate: Alton. Right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so it's um you know and and i think if you guys can come to that place where you're like, Okay, we're really just upset with
Richelle Direny: Over our situation in the circumstances and ultimate
Richelle Direny: And you know what ultimately
Richelle Direny: It's really depending on how you look at how the state is handling this whole
Richelle Direny: Thing. It's. There's also the overall frustration with that because it's like there's this new mean that's going around safe bet Cove, it seems to be a little selective on who the businesses that it affects
Richelle Direny: This is our fun grocery stores all these big businesses.
Richelle Direny: But the mom and pops are suffering.
Richelle Direny: Corona
Jessica Tate: Like
Richelle Direny: What you're doing
Jessica Tate: New right that that is so true. There's a, there's a business on town like where I get my wax melts, which of course I'm completely out and she sells all kinds of stuff like
Jessica Tate: It's all new stuff, but it looks old it it's like primitive like house where and that's where I get a lot of my stuff and she
Jessica Tate: God, I'm so sorry. I don't know why I keep doing that.
Richelle Direny: You are walking
Jessica Tate: YES I YES. That's why I said, Sit down, but um she
Richelle Direny: Hold on, you're muted.
Jessica Tate: It's the daughter pulled like the bottom of them and like they if I'll be watching the video. They'll palsy, or move it to the next video. And I think that's what it's what's known because I will literally wasn't touching anything, it did it again.
Jessica Tate: Though, and everybody okay please
Jessica Tate: Go Go in there. We're done. You need to get cleaned up, go please. Thank you.
Jessica Tate: But anyway, she's not willing to be able to open back up shit like it hit her heart, she's not. She's not allowed. That was her whole livelihood and it's not essential what she's selling. So are you guys come out here now.
Jessica Tate: Okay.
Jessica Tate: Here I go.
Jessica Tate: So, yeah.
Jessica Tate: I'm just going back and forth, back and forth, trying to stay away from
Richelle Direny: Hello. You getting exercise. Oh.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, for sure. Um,
Jessica Tate: But yeah, that's
Jessica Tate: That's definitely right about the like the big, big businesses stuff which i think i think it's essential because I'm addicted to my like literally my wax melts i i
Jessica Tate: Probably have
Jessica Tate: I mean, if it wasn't for coven I'd probably have at least 50 different kinds. I'm like, when I get up in the morning before I even use the bathroom I switch my burner on
Jessica Tate: So I burn them all the time and i'm i'm down real low and I don't trust anyone else's because I've ordered on one line. And they're like, if they're the strongest and you can barely smell him so it just sucks that
Jessica Tate: I talked to her on Facebook.
Richelle Direny: She's losing and you know ultimately a lot of small business owners.
Richelle Direny: So it's kind of like that conversation like I've had with many people. And I'm like, you know, some people are saying well stay home stay home and then other people are saying, no, I gotta go back to work and
Richelle Direny: You're speaking from in. It's kind of like I say, well, you have to be neutral because the one that saying stay home financially. Maybe you are able to stay home for the next month or so.
Richelle Direny: Because maybe you work enough money or you have whatever the situation is or you're working from home, so you are able to stay home. So don't be selfish to the people who their livelihood comes from them, opening up their small mom and pop stores or, you know,
Richelle Direny: Because from people need to go out to work. So you can't be selfish in that aspect because they want to go out, not to say that they want to go. Spread the Love or share the love. They're just saying, hey, I want to eat just like you.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so it's just like you have to find some common ground. And I think that's where
Richelle Direny: You know, now you know as much as like I might not necessarily I'm not big into politics or what have you. But the one thing that I can say that, regardless of how idiotic. Sometimes the President wants to sound.
Richelle Direny: Like I think ultimately he's trying to say, hey,
Richelle Direny: We can't keep this up.
Richelle Direny: We can't keep the country shut down forever.
Richelle Direny: Right, have to be able to allow people to go back out into work because then what's going to happen is that we all are not going to depend on the government to to give us something.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and you know, you know, and the government doesn't want you to completely dependent on them.
Richelle Direny: Right. Oh, I think we, I think the conversation should be
Richelle Direny: How can we be there to help each other and not just say people are mean and wanting to go out to work. I mean hell. I'm sure if you pay somebody to go clean up a beach or go clean up apart. They'll do it.
Richelle Direny: Because it's money.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Um, so, you know, and like you said, you know, the electric companies are not saying, well, you know, do too cold. Good, we're going to, we're going to provide you electricity and we're not going to charge you and make your bill keep running.
Richelle Direny: You're going to say after that is over. Here's a payment plan.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's
Richelle Direny: The same
Jessica Tate: Yes. Yeah. So yeah, they're
Jessica Tate: They're saying like
Okay.
Jessica Tate: Pay what you can to try to get it down lower. It says, it says something like that, you know, because as soon as the government says, hey, you don't have to provide them electric seconds later.
Jessica Tate: notices that will be sent out like we are. When a Schecter shut off so you know they which that's their business, they have to make money too. So they're, they're not. I mean, I'm sure they're probably getting some type of help.
Jessica Tate: You know, whoever owns you know my my electric company. So it just, I don't know. It just sucks. It's, it's affecting everybody and I thought it said we're supposed to our
Jessica Tate: Ohio was supposed to open back up may 10 and then the governor Skylar just heard that the governor said they're extending it until
Richelle Direny: The end of
Jessica Tate: The end of May.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, may 29 so like he was all excited that he was going back to work. And so I don't know. It's a stressful.
Richelle Direny: If they're if they're if they're um, because like in Florida, they're slowly opening up back parts of it.
Richelle Direny: They have
Jessica Tate: Been here too.
Jessica Tate: But not like all of it.
Richelle Direny: What was, what did he, what was he doing
Jessica Tate: He is a
Jessica Tate: He's a commercial electrician like he's building. Well, they were supposed to have it done by like the 15th of May, which is like what happened, but they this hill. Sure. Clark.
Jessica Tate: It's like an electric company. Anyway, they're building these big very expensive condos on high street in Columbus, Ohio, which is like a main street and in Columbus,
Jessica Tate: And so like he's putting all the electric in those and the of course they were already paid for that the company that he works for and they had to be shut down so I don't
Jessica Tate: They said, when the governor because he talked to him the other day and they said, when the governor says that like the whole states backup and that's when they'll start again.
Jessica Tate: So they're not unlike his, his brother works for a place here and actual town we live in, because Skylar works two hours away from here, but he started back work today.
Jessica Tate: And I forget, I forget what he does. They make like parts like the business. It's from Australia, but they have which is weird that they'd have one in our little town, but they have a business and our little town.
Jessica Tate: But he's one of the head people. And I guess they started 50% people back to work. And since his brothers, like a boss. There he got to start my talk today.
Richelle Direny: So that's even more like, Oh, your husband started back work today, he said.
Jessica Tate: No, his brother.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Jessica Tate: It's funny because a lot of people they
Jessica Tate: Get some because they're identical twins.
Jessica Tate: And so they're like, No, we like, Hey, I saw your work and like no you didn't. That's my brother, because you can't tell them apart. I mean, I can but like if you were to say, um, you wouldn't know. Like, which is when they're identical in every way.
Jessica Tate: But he has yet his brother started back today.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it definitely I'm sure it's very hard to
Richelle Direny: You know, to figure out in these hard times and
Richelle Direny: You know, you have to at the end of the day, it kind of, you have to have faith.
Richelle Direny: In something higher than yourself to to help you to maintain your sanity to get through it all.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's what it is. You just have to help you to maintain your sanity that you just don't give up and know that this is one day closer to them coming up with some type of solution as to how we can get back out there to some type of you know functionality or something.
Jessica Tate: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it is it is, you know, I mean, there is a lot that you can learn out of it.
Richelle Direny: And while
Richelle Direny: You try to
Richelle Direny: Make the best of the time spent because what like in all of everything that's happening, what is one good thing that you can say
Richelle Direny: That is coming out of it for you with
Richelle Direny: All of you being home.
Jessica Tate: I'm a lot of shifts getting fix that would not have our grass is not
Jessica Tate: To my waist. It's, it's done like once a week now and used to was not so he does which i mean i i couldn't blame him you know you were
Jessica Tate: You drive two hours to work. Work 12 hours sometimes eight to 10 to 12 hours and then two hours home, you don't feel like doing anything but eating. Take a shower and go to sleep. So that is one good thing.
Jessica Tate: Got a lot of stuff fakes. I don't know. Last time I talk to you. I don't know if I got my water back on or not, but it's back
Richelle Direny: Well, no, no, no. You said that you. I remember one of the frustration, you had was the fact that your water was oh
Jessica Tate: Yes, it is back on. It's broke down twice since then, but the guy came like immediately and fixed it. So that's been good. Um, so that's actually really good. Um, that we have water and we've had it. I think almost a month now we've had it back on. Um, another thing like
Jessica Tate: Scholars like he's really like impatient and
Jessica Tate: He. I don't know. He's not understanding. Like there's hundreds of thousand people hundreds of thousands of people in the same boat as us.
Jessica Tate: So he thinks by yelling at these people that they're going to say, sir, you are absolutely right.
Jessica Tate: Thank you.
Jessica Tate: For calling me a comment. I will give you your money in two seconds. I'm like,
Jessica Tate: No, you cannot do that. It's going to make them put your shit on the bottom of the pile, like you, like, I know you're frustrated. So am I. But you can't
Jessica Tate: Like talk to it. I've met I've worked in customer service. Maybe that's why I'm like that, but that's how does like fighting to because he will like yell and scream at them and he thinks that's going to make stuff better and it's not so i i like the last week, I'm
Jessica Tate: Like it even if he does get ahold of someone I like immediately just take the phone and Hill off to go again another part of the house because it will be yelling and stuff out him because he liked thinks they're purposely doing that.
Jessica Tate: They're purposely not doing it, but I'm like, it's not like five or 10 people Skylar like I know
Jessica Tate: He was like, but they work specifically for a while. And I'm like, and there's hundreds of thousands of people in Ohio that lost their job and they're in the same same position like these people
Jessica Tate: weren't ready for that and what they've done is they've hired like outside agencies absolutely no nothing. They don't
Jessica Tate: They're called contractors, but they don't know, they were just hired in there to answer the phone. So most of the people will like when you finally do get through. They can't
Jessica Tate: They can't open up your file. They can't do anything. They can't transfer you it's just to try to like, man, the phones and he doesn't understand that.
Richelle Direny: Either and I'm like that much more frustrated
Jessica Tate: Yes. Yeah. And he and he was like whoa should be different because the covert. I'm like, yes, but you have to understand these people
Jessica Tate: They were trained in a certain way and just because code. Come along, doesn't mean all automatically just overnight learn their training, they do have to do new stuff but um
Jessica Tate: They they're gonna have to like train as they go if they do implement there they're going how they've always. I mean, they're still going unemployment. Oh, it's always been done, they can't just
Jessica Tate: You know, we're hundreds of thousands or however many employees, say, hey, we're doing it different, like each person asked retrained it he just he doesn't understand he's getting he's getting scared because he's like the provider and
Richelle Direny: I was just gonna say that.
Richelle Direny: voice of reason.
Richelle Direny: And that's good. So like you're being that supportive understanding wife that like I'm frustrated. Just like you but like I get where they're coming from. So you kind of had
Richelle Direny: And I think what's happening right now. And I think this is where maybe some, some of your own. You would have to probably swallow some of your own pride in this moment, but it's more so finding to Stroke his ego, because what's happening is his manhood is coming into question he
Richelle Direny: He cannot provide like how can I be a man. If I can't even provide for my wife and child.
Richelle Direny: And he's like that that exact words about 10 times
Jessica Tate: He said that his words.
Richelle Direny: And he's not, he's not computing it as okay you're nobody is defining your manhood. Nobody is saying you're not a good husband and father
Richelle Direny: It's simply the reality of what everyone is faced with. But because as you know men are so conditioned
Richelle Direny: To think that what defines their manhood is them going out and working all these hours and bringing home all this money.
Richelle Direny: Because now you know what, Jessica, you're going to be happy because I worked all these hours and I paid your bills and you have food and the babies. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And he, it's not coming to him. Like I married you for you because I loved you not. How much money you can make us
Richelle Direny: And it's he has the understand and it's finding a way to communicate that to him and slowly keep it's almost like you're nursing it to him every day because he's going to need that constant assurance, because in his mind, his manhood is in straight questioning
Richelle Direny: If something happened. He's going to look at it as it's his fault.
Richelle Direny: He's not looking at it as this is a bigger issue way completely out of your control.
Richelle Direny: Right looking. It's his fault. Yeah, it is. It's a personal attack on him. And God forbid if you get frustrated or even you order a word of frustration to him. The world is coming to an end something wrong.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, I mean I think it's time to like when I met him, he was in between dogs. He had just got laid off and he, he was like
Jessica Tate: Like I like you. Before a long time, but I didn't have anything to offer you, he, he had wrecked his cars. It was all busted up and looking crazy, which is setting out there, he still won't get rid of it, that's a whole nother topic. I don't even go there, but, um, he
Jessica Tate: He was in between jobs. I was like, I don't like i'm not i think like women that he dealt with in the past it was how much money like all that. I'm like, No, that's just, I, I have my I have my own so like this is
Jessica Tate: I was working, and he wasn't. And of course, when I got pregnant. We talked about me staying home.
Jessica Tate: And all that. So I think, um, and, like, oh, a lot of people was like he's not gonna keep a job. He's not going to hold a job. I don't know why they tell me that, because he's
Jessica Tate: literally two weeks before I found that was pregnant, he got a job.
Jessica Tate: And he's like, he didn't even have time to get unemployment from getting laid off but he's had a job sense. So, I hope, I hope he doesn't think like
Jessica Tate: Because it has nothing to do with money. I mean, he makes good money, but where we bought this house we live check to check and he makes really good money for the town we live in. He makes 20 started out
Jessica Tate: But it still makes us live check the check because we decided to buy this house so
Jessica Tate: We don't get extras. We haven't in a long time. I just want to make sure that our lights are our heat snot out and we can take care of her baby. And I think that's still kind of like hard
Jessica Tate: Because the women. He's been with in the past like they want to get their nails done.
Jessica Tate: He was like you asked me to like, get your nails done once. And I'm like, No, chin. I got like 100 things and nail polish up I do my own nails. That's not. I'm like, I'm not a high maintenance person. I don't know if it's where I was a cosmetologist and I just do all my own stuff but
Jessica Tate: I don't know. I think just many years of being with those type of women. I think that's what it is.
Richelle Direny: Do you think he. It is a conditioning of a lot, especially of what they see, or maybe people are hanging around.
Richelle Direny: So then the question is if something was supposed to happen to him. He's taking care of the family now right
Richelle Direny: And you're happy with whatever. And because we talked in the past and you talked about how like with your history of addiction and all of that you know that if you were supposed to relapse. You knew, you're about to lose him and
Jessica Tate: You don't want to
Richelle Direny: Because you love him that much and you want your relationship to go into y'all sitting in a rocking chair. Oh.
Jessica Tate: I'm sorry, let me let me end this sorry my mom.
Jessica Tate: I'm so sorry. I thought I hit and I hit end and accept and I meant to hit the other one.
Richelle Direny: Oh, that's okay. So if the question is for you.
Richelle Direny: Do you love your husband and want it to work so much that if anything happened to him and he wasn't able to work, would you be willing to flip the role where you go work and take care of your family.
Jessica Tate: Oh yeah, I actually, I actually well he was still working. But I actually did for about three months.
Jessica Tate: Missy, she was born in June of 2017 and
Jessica Tate: I worked from like
Jessica Tate: September until December of 2017 and it was kind of working with the job that he had but he's very strong against
Jessica Tate: Daycare unless it's a family member and when and he got the job that he's at now, he got it there was literally no way except to go to daycare. So I basically had quit because I just had a minimum wage job working out a little mom and pop
Jessica Tate: Kind of like a gas station, but with no gas kinda like a little sore. And so it was either picking his job or mine. And of course, I wasn't minimum wage and it was over 20 so um
Jessica Tate: But yeah, I definitely what I work wherever I could, and he noticed that I try. Now, I think, I mean not during this covert the, I think it would
Jessica Tate: Because we live check to check. I think it would be easier if I worked, but he's like if I told you this, but he was abused by his mother really bad like really bad, like she should be in prison, when he was little and he's very afraid of that for her. So, so I don't
Richelle Direny: approve it taking care of
Jessica Tate: Yeah, really where
Jessica Tate: He's traveling
Richelle Direny: Yes, PTSD, then
Jessica Tate: He doesn't he says it doesn't bother him, but it does, it does. She did some really I've tried to getting to talk to people, but he, like, I don't know, it's weird, like his mother.
Jessica Tate: When she was pregnant, she just thought she was pregnant for his brother. So when his brother came out. The doctor said, Oh, there's another one. So he was like he was much, much smaller and kind of hidden behind him and he had to have like a blood transfusion and she refused. She said, No.
Jessica Tate: Letting die basically no he's not gonna hurt my baby. That's what she said, and that his dad was like, yes, he will give him blood. And what are you talking about
Jessica Tate: So they thought about it for a couple hours she she wasn't going to let him. She's gonna let him die. And I think because of that she abused him like she was like, You almost killed me and my son, like, I hate to like she's
Richelle Direny: When they're both
Richelle Direny: Pretty much have the same exact split
Jessica Tate: They yes and they're identical, you cannot tell them apart. Except, of course, when he was born. He was way much smaller but
Jessica Tate: He, you know, because he was he was so little. And I think a chi, which is his brother. He got most of the nutrients and stuff. But then as they grew identical in every way you can tell them apart of is she, I think she never bonded or whatever. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: So, I mean, it sounded like
Richelle Direny: He is one of those things where, and part of the reason why I asked that question.
Jessica Tate: It's because it's that good like
Richelle Direny: I said it's that reassurance of
Richelle Direny: You know, just sharing like regardless. I'm here.
Richelle Direny: For us, I'm not here for how much money you make. It's kind of like no matter what happens, we're always going to be together so we can get through this together.
Richelle Direny: No matter how the going gets tough because the reality is you both have your own individual stories.
Richelle Direny: You have your own individual path. So you have two people who have been hurt and abused and had different experiences or what have you. That comes together, and now
Richelle Direny: Is making life work. You're making it where I'm not going to allow my passing the hurts and everything that I've experienced to define us. And so you're saying
Richelle Direny: It's not about material things, but it's about you. He's saying it's not about whatever he's faced in the past. It's about you and your daughter.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so it's sometimes, sometimes with men. They do need that reassurance.
Richelle Direny: Even though. Yes, they know it, but sometimes like when I said their manhood is getting threatened and sometimes a lot of that that's built in the back of their mind outside of like society, making it like what defines a man
Richelle Direny: Even through
Richelle Direny: his upbringing, with his mom and maybe the mom showing the brother more love or more attention all of that sits in the back. Oh, you'll never amount to anything. You're worthless, you're this so now
Richelle Direny: He probably works to prove himself to you which inadvertently it's not you, that he's trying to prove himself to his, his mother because he needs her to accept him and show to evaluate him.
Richelle Direny: But he does it for you. So then he'll overcompensate for you and your daughter, simply because
Richelle Direny: He's still looking for that validation and even though maybe sometimes I'm not saying that for him. Sometimes people feel like, Oh no, I don't need it. But you do because of how you're acting with me.
But again,
Jessica Tate: That sounds like 100% what
Jessica Tate: You got to pay
Jessica Tate: You put the tell daddy you especially as the potty says
Jessica Tate: The word every time we put a pull up on her. She just thinks okay. It's free for all, I can just use it in my pants. We only put it on her at night and when she's outside blind but um but yeah that sounds like that. That sounds right. I mean, because
Jessica Tate: Like there's literally no. The reason why he would think that we've been together.
Jessica Tate: I'm almost four years now, and like help sometimes he'll like
Jessica Tate: Have to make me buy shampoo. I'm like, where we can just get that cheap shit now in my hair is going to be an afro, but I'm just like, Hey, that's cheaper.
Jessica Tate: And so he'll be like, Why don't you like go to Sally's and get like the you know the shampoo that you use, or the conditioner and i'm just like No, that's okay. Like, we can just use suave, and
Jessica Tate: names like I hear you in there saying your hair Afro it out because this cheap shit. And I'm like, Yeah, but I'm not going anywhere. It's still cleans my hair like it's fine. So he knows that sound.
Jessica Tate: That's probably is why he's like that because, I mean, I could see in the beginning, but he knows me now. Like I'm
Jessica Tate: I'm for this from that and I've never said that stuff and like his brother was was favorite is still favored. You know, like they're, they're both Marines, his mother.
Jessica Tate: His mother went to his brother's graduation didn't get his. He didn't have anyone any family out there, you know, he just graduated with no family and
Jessica Tate: And the thing. So it's still when he he tells me stuff in the sense, it doesn't bother but it does so that probably is why
Richelle Direny: They were bolted to the reason they were both in the same place and mom only acknowledged him but didn't know
Jessica Tate: Well, they didn't graduate, the same day was like it was like six weeks apart. But she. Yeah. Like if you go to her Facebook it's his. It's his brother and his sons and
Jessica Tate: Just
Richelle Direny: Did he feel she's still treating like he doesn't
Jessica Tate: Oh, yes, yes, yes, she
Richelle Direny: Is that
Jessica Tate: She, she doesn't like on on Christmas show can't well like good was grandmas and like, chill, chill, try to talk to my daughter, my daughter don't know her. And she's like, Who are you, but like if we see them out in public.
Jessica Tate: She won't even look our way and
Jessica Tate: I think that it doesn't bother me quite now but when she gets older.
Jessica Tate: She's going to be like, Why does a slightly, talk to me when the doors are shut, but she won't talk to them outside like and I told him I'm like she lives are going to be in her life where she's like, nah, and he was like I told you this, how would be and
Jessica Tate: I think a lot of his stuff comes from
Jessica Tate: From that
Richelle Direny: Wanting to be validated or the
Jessica Tate: Yes, from her.
Richelle Direny: From her and that will always be there until he comes to face that that hurt and those demons like he's still that he stuffs, or he says it's okay.
Richelle Direny: But I think for you.
Richelle Direny: It's being aware of it all and not to save that you're going to suppress certain things that you're seeing or feeling because you may think it will be a direct reflection.
Richelle Direny: But at the same time, I think some of that and how he tries to overcompensate with you where you think it's even a bit much.
Richelle Direny: It may be because it's being displaced because it's really how he feel because he wants. Because, you know, boys. Boys are. I don't know if you do you have this is your only child. Right.
Jessica Tate: Now, no I have 18 year old.
Richelle Direny: daughter or son.
Richelle Direny: Son so you know boys tend to they're drawn to their mothers. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Hi.
Jessica Tate: He is still a mama's boy.
Jessica Tate: Yes.
Richelle Direny: And yes, boys are
Richelle Direny: If they're unbelievable with their, their like their super protective super so when you don't. When you're looking for that love and affection and it's given and maybe she has her own issues as to why she treats him, particularly that way. But when it's all said and done,
Richelle Direny: You know, a lot of sometimes you have to sit back and try to figure I think about like with your daughter or even in your son when he was younger. Sometimes when they get mad and they act out, you have to ask yourself where
Richelle Direny: Parts of this anger coming from what is causing is what is the catalyst as your behavioral action doesn't necessarily match.
Richelle Direny: What the real issues are so like, you know, speaking about it, like, because we all have this external there's a force that drives us to feel a certain way to think and to act a certain way.
Richelle Direny: So like
Richelle Direny: Talks about if you financially you're strapped for cash and you don't know where the next meal is going to come from.
Richelle Direny: Then we start arguing. It's not because I'm mad at you. It's because i want i want to eat, and I don't know what to do. I don't. And so my frustration.
Richelle Direny: Is being taken out on us simply because I don't know what to do. So now we're speaking in two different ways. In two different languages and
Jessica Tate: The same
Richelle Direny: That with him. It's. That's why I said it's
Richelle Direny: How to see as women. I think that there's a bigger responsibility on us when it comes on to not just how we deal with our children, but how we deal with our partners.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, like constant
Richelle Direny: Feeding of the ego stroking the ego or that constant encouragement and saying it's okay like
Richelle Direny: I'm here with you, no matter what, like I would I say I do and I love you and I want to be with. It's like that constant reassurance that, you know, like, I'm happy that
Richelle Direny: You're home and you're able to take care of this. I'm happy that even though, like you said,
Richelle Direny: 38 days now you need to go back to work. It's because I've got loose to it. I've gotten used to you being out of the house for so long, maybe
Richelle Direny: You mean I probably had an issue with you being gone for so long. But now I've gotten used to you being away. So now when you come in, have my structure and my routine. When you come and try to mess that up. I get frustrated
Jessica Tate: Like
Richelle Direny: You have a set thing for your daughter dress today. He's home now. All of that goes through the door. You don't put a whole lot of time and energy into getting that shirt, T.
Richelle Direny: Through all of it.
Richelle Direny: Not frustrated because it was a lot of work. The one that
Richelle Direny: Right. You're not showing the respect, like let's continue to maintain that. So that's where my frustration comes from. So I say you need to go back to work. It's because
You're not respected.
Richelle Direny: And just what it is in. So it's addressing it in that way as to in this time, I think it's just learning how to encourage each other.
Richelle Direny: It's learning how to
Richelle Direny: hear him speak understand understanding what he's saying. And knowing how to respond to that piece of communication. I think that's what that is in this time we have to value.
Richelle Direny: Each other.
Richelle Direny: Is valuing that life is really short, honestly.
Richelle Direny: That is that and jobs are temporary. It's a, it's a temporary. It means to an end. But it's very I actually read this, I saw this on Facebook, which is so true. It says
Richelle Direny: Life is short jobs are temporary health is wealth.
Richelle Direny: And the fourth one was you need God to survive.
Jessica Tate: I like that.
Richelle Direny: I use when I saw that I was like, wow, that's like all four statements are so powerful.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, they are.
Richelle Direny: The truth health right now is wealth not jobs health is
Jessica Tate: Yeah, that is, that's so true. That's so true. Um, I don't know how much longer we have, but I wouldn't ask you real quick. Um, when I talked to the doctor, she was talking about some lady doing some kind of
Richelle Direny: Thing with lightning. Dr.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, what is that because I talked to Skyler about it and he was not like I and I, it kind of scared me because she said it takes memories, you still have those memories, but it takes them and hide them and
Jessica Tate: He just popped his head out was like it's not good shit, dude. I told you he was a Marine. He just, it's like is that mine, like what is that is that mine.
Richelle Direny: So this is
Jessica Tate: Salt.
Jessica Tate: How would you take a memory out of my head.
Richelle Direny: Oh, this is the thing.
Richelle Direny: I did talk to Josh Dr. Joe, because she did say she referred it. I did send out an email to her.
Richelle Direny: To inquire about it because basically my understanding of it.
Richelle Direny: It's
Richelle Direny: Let's use your husband's situation for a moment.
Richelle Direny: Even the issues. Doesn't bother him.
Richelle Direny: If somewhat like I it seems like it's somewhat like a trance that I'm putting you when it's
Richelle Direny: It's waking up those deep dark buried memories.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and you're forcing it to come out to be able to deal with it because the reality is how we are and what we do a lot of times stems from those deep rooted
Richelle Direny: things that happen.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, we
Richelle Direny: Keep in the forefront of our minds. So it's like you're bringing it out and you're coming to terms with things and you're working through it.
Jessica Tate: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: The only thing that I know of is doing it this way.
Jessica Tate: Is what
Richelle Direny: It's doing it this way. That's the only thing I'm not sure about. It's not like we're sitting in an office that if anything happens you're sitting in your house with your daughter.
Richelle Direny: And let's see, there's a memory that comes to light and there's you have an intense emotional reaction towards it. How do you deal with that. How do you handle that over computer screen. Yeah.
Jessica Tate: See him, she was talking about. Because like in my wrath. I don't remember it. And I don't know if I want to. It was just like I was driving and then the next minute some
Jessica Tate: Big Fat white man that's, that's all I know he man was trying to put a sheet over my head.
Jessica Tate: That's what I thought he was trying to do is trying to wrap me up because I was in shock, trying to get me off the highway into an ambulance, so I don't remember any of that. And she was saying that like it could
Jessica Tate: It could bring that up but take it away. And I don't know if I went over it like I don't know if I want to remember a semi slamming into me because I cannot remember that at all. It's, it's like that part is cut out. I do not remember that he at all and I
Richelle Direny: Go back to the question would then be what is the purpose of you remember that specific events I
Jessica Tate: Because that's what
Richelle Direny: She said, What does she say what does she say when you ask, did you ask her, like, what would be the purpose
Jessica Tate: And I remember when I didn't ask. I would just told her, because I was diagnosed with PTSD from that because like when I'm driving it still bothers me.
Jessica Tate: I won't pass a semi if I am on the highway and I have semis on either side of me. Like, I will hyperventilate like literally I cannot it freaks me out. I'm okay. If they're ahead of me, or like way behind me, but I just, I don't
Jessica Tate: I don't
Jessica Tate: I didn't say like, what is the purpose, but I was like, I wouldn't want. I don't know if I'd want to remember that. And she was like, but they could she could move it.
Jessica Tate: In another part of your brain and Skyler is very against a he's like thinking it's my mind control, and I just like, because I have trouble sleeping.
Jessica Tate: Which. Oh my god, she gave me. What is this pill. She gave me. I have never been so high in my entire life. And I dumped the bottle I refill one. What is it tries it down. Oh my god.
Richelle Direny: Who gave you that medication prescription
Jessica Tate: Dr. Jamison because I take over the counter sleeping pills. I take these I've took them since my wreck.
Jessica Tate: Just a
Jessica Tate: Just a sleep aid and
Jessica Tate: They sometimes like they make before I take my drug test. I will not take them. The night before, because it will show up met methadone and oxy
Jessica Tate: In in my system. So I was like, What can I do because like literally the night before I take my drug tests I don't take these and then I'm up all night. I'm just so used to taking them, you know, for almost 11 years now. And I was like, is there.
Jessica Tate: Something maybe you could suggest because like you know if if you're drunk caster like that so many times you have to, and I
Jessica Tate: You have to go drive somewhere. And I was like, What can I do so she gave me tries it and I waited took them like a dummy. I took them.
Jessica Tate: Saturday night because I forgot about them. And the next day was Easter. We were one up to his grandma's I they didn't make me go to sleep, but they may make high as hell all day. The next day I was sitting there like, I mean, I felt like I was drunk. I was falling into walls and everything.
Jessica Tate: I know for me.
Jessica Tate: You to the know I dumped those I
Richelle Direny: Sleep better
Richelle Direny: You said that you can sleep is it you say you got a bad accident from
Richelle Direny: Semi hit you.
Jessica Tate: Yes. On Christmas Eve 2009 yeah so broke my neck.
Richelle Direny: That's what started going somewhere.
Richelle Direny: Huh. You were just going somewhere.
Jessica Tate: I was I was living in Columbus, Ohio, which is two hours from here and I was headed home. I was headed to my mom's house for Christmas. It was Christmas Eve. It was like 11 o'clock in the morning and a semi hit me and I end up spending like 15 days and grant hospital.
Jessica Tate: broke my neck and back the admin on life support. I have messed up really bad dislocated my shoulder broke my leg like I got fucked up basically bad and ever since I can't sleep.
Jessica Tate: And
Richelle Direny: Because of the fear of you.
Richelle Direny: Getting hit
Jessica Tate: I don't know. I don't know if it is I just I just couldn't sleep after that, I just, and I thought it was because of the pills, um,
Richelle Direny: Do you hear like the sound of a semi sometimes or like maybe
Jessica Tate: Sometimes I do, sometimes I do. It's kind of hearing beings it of getting hit because of because of the trauma attached to
Richelle Direny: Getting him. That's what it sounds like to me. It's just the trauma of you getting hit. So it's kind of like think about it like if you're a
Richelle Direny: Bell and like or something, she got hurt. And it's the screen that they make you will always be here, the screen is so distinctive
Richelle Direny: That you're always going so any little thing. It's always going to bring you back to that event is it traumatic. Yes. Is it a life altering could be because it's a squeal. That is very distinctive that made you feel helpless in the moment. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because there's nothing you could have done about it.
Richelle Direny: Now, when you talk about the summary. It isn't as if like the trauma is
Richelle Direny: Like
Jessica Tate: A movie and all here.
Jessica Tate: A semi and it brings you back when you got into the accidents.
Jessica Tate: Not all the time. But sometimes, I'll just jump up and know semis what by a scholar, look at me like I'm crazy. That happens
Jessica Tate: I'll know two or three times. I'm not all here in or or what we drive in and I'll be like, slow down and let it like go around do. And he's like, What are you talking about, and it's a little Ass Truck behind this.
Jessica Tate: That happens sometimes. But I'm in my dream. Sometimes I'll go back to their but not really like when I hear
Jessica Tate: Hear stuff but like if I can, if I'm so so tired, just like throughout the day and I can't stand I can fall asleep. But if I don't take these, I will not sleep. I will be setting up
Jessica Tate: I got in to what is it
Jessica Tate: It's the they have all the videos on YouTube. The sounds scholar thinks that's where to ship.
Jessica Tate: As Mr.
Jessica Tate: Do you heard of it.
Jessica Tate: At you you should look it up sometime, but it just it's stuff. It's weird. It sounds and all kinds of stuff just to help you sleep and it relaxes you and all that. So I've gotten that. So that helps a little bit but like just getting to sleep. I can't
Richelle Direny: It's the if you are very anxious person prior to the accident.
Jessica Tate: No, never.
Richelle Direny: Know, now you're very anxious
Jessica Tate: I yeah
Richelle Direny: Yeah, some time and I just got
Richelle Direny: It, you have a lot of anxiety from it. So the least little sound and it's the fear because you're talking about for a period of your life, you have no control. You almost died.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and you, you know, so it's like that fear of dying. It's that fear that sound that's associated to, you know, the end of life. It's kind of like how your mind computed. So it is a lot of anxiety.
Richelle Direny: Now, what is she fixing. I really don't know. Honestly, I know that I wanted to have a meeting with her, just to understand it because, I mean, I don't know.
Jessica Tate: When maybe after you have the meeting and I talked to you because that that like
Richelle Direny: I don't know.
Jessica Tate: I don't know. I don't know how all react if I remember that because
Jessica Tate: I don't, I don't want to remember getting hit by some i don't i don't know why i don't remember that. You know, I wasn't
Jessica Tate: At that time I didn't do drugs I smoked weed. Occasionally, and it had been like three months since I had smoke weed side no drugs in my system whatsoever. I didn't start going through
Richelle Direny: The fear the anxiety of dying. It's the fear of dying because that's what that's associated with and those noise. It's kind of like if you think about
Richelle Direny: Dream underwater and you can't breathe and you keep jumping off right like as you're about to pass out. It's kind of like this jolting anxiety thing is the best thing I could compare it to
Richelle Direny: It really is a lot of it is like this fear of dying and
Richelle Direny: I'm not that we all should embrace death, but it's, that's what it really sounds like it's the fear because again the trauma is not comparison on who through a
Richelle Direny: Trauma like an abusive per person who is abusing or whatever their, their trauma is, this is one that's a little bit different, you gotten to the bad car wreck. You really truly could have died, you have
Richelle Direny: No control. I mean, the reality is, I mean, I'm to a car. I've never gotten hit. I personally am not trying to them things
Richelle Direny: About this big thing a steel.
Richelle Direny: Coming next to you and it's just or or being sandwiched in between it either got it or stop like you have to go in front of me, or stay behind me.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, the cops told me that
Jessica Tate: It was basically trying to get around me and it went in the fast lane and when it pulled over. It just pulled over to soon so like it didn't hit me head on it kind of
Jessica Tate: Was like, hey, move the, however, and just slung they enrolled me because when it tried to get back in the regular lane. That's when it hit me. But I like I said, I don't remember that.
Jessica Tate: Now I'm afraid I don't want to remember that. I mean, I don't know if it would do better or not, but I don't, I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I mean,
Jessica Tate: Do you have a
Richelle Direny: Talk to her. I did say because if someone else wanted said. I said, Well, I'm just saying I don't have to talk because i don't i personally don't know about it. So I'm not saying it's a bad thing. I just don't understand it.
Richelle Direny: I don't understand it, how it applies to all things are memories.
Richelle Direny: I would say that
Richelle Direny: You know with any trauma.
Richelle Direny: I would think that you would have to be at a place that you're ready to work through it. You can't get over it. It's, you have to be at a place to work through it.
Richelle Direny: You have to be at a place where you have made that decision to not allow what has happened to you in the past to control you today.
Richelle Direny: And to be or an impact, where you it's it's stopping you from moving forward. You understand need, but you have to be in that place with anything, whether you have PTSD or and you have to be at that place.
Jessica Tate: How do you know if you're at that place.
Richelle Direny: I mean I think with like with anything, you will know once it's no longer
Richelle Direny: You're not having heart palpitations, you're not getting anxiety. The moment you start thinking about it, you're able to breathe free and get through it because in everything. You can never get over something and for someone
Jessica Tate: Else.
Jessica Tate: You would think after 11 years I wouldn't still be doing that. That's
Jessica Tate: Crazy like it.
Richelle Direny: Is things we suppress things, not realizing that we do, because we don't like what you just said. You don't want to deal with the emotion.
Richelle Direny: That is associated with it. You don't want to be
Richelle Direny: Are you afraid of dying.
Jessica Tate: I actually am so bad, like I i will watch
Jessica Tate: It on YouTube that I have no business watching, but I can't help it. About like death and
Jessica Tate: It freaks me out. It freaks me out, but I was still watch it. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: So that's your fear. It's your it's the idea of dying. It's the idea of leaving behind
Richelle Direny: Other others it's that's what that's what your fear is. And maybe that's why just the whole noise and everything associated to the semi it's that this fear, maybe that you've had.
Richelle Direny: It could have been from the past, something that you've experienced from the past and the you getting in the accident woke it up. I don't know, but it's the. It sounds like you're you're very fearful of time.
Jessica Tate: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, the reality is
Richelle Direny: I mean, we are all going to die one day.
Jessica Tate: Yeah, how to go out
Richelle Direny: Right. You have no idea.
Richelle Direny: Mortality is not
Richelle Direny: An option like we can't live forever. Amen. Right.
Richelle Direny: But then you have to come to terms as to why do you fear dying.
Richelle Direny: Because this is how you know that it's this is how
Richelle Direny: It becomes diagnosable the fear, the PTSD, anxiety, but how it becomes diagnosable it's as it has had such an impact on your life. It is disrupting different things in your life.
Jessica Tate: I never got to be way till the rap. I didn't
Jessica Tate: Like I was never liked that I was never, I never. I mean, I don't know if I was afraid of dying and never thought about it. It never but i i do think about it a lot. I, I think about at least once a day, I think about it.
Richelle Direny: Well, what about dying is so fearful. It's like
Jessica Tate: I think not knowing, like how or when like because I can't control it.
Richelle Direny: And you know, I can control it.
Jessica Tate: Well, I know. I mean, well you can I, my best friend did, but I would never do that. But I'm just like my kids like I don't know.
Jessica Tate: Leaving your kids behind you don't want to leave them behind
Richelle Direny: The people that you love.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I mean, you can't really control it. Yes. There's people who commit suicide if that's what you're talking you're referring to. Yeah, my best friend.
Richelle Direny: Some people are successful and some people are not. I remember there was one time we were meeting and you had a neighbor who did
Richelle Direny: Yes. Yeah. So it's, you know, some people are successful. Some people are not if it's your time, it's your time. If it's not, it's not
Richelle Direny: You know, that's kind of and it sounds like it just rolls off of my tongue. But the reality is we really truly have no control of our end because hey, I might say, hey, I want to die today and the man upstairs says no, it's
Jessica Tate: Not try I I tried to do, and I thank God I didn't because I wouldn't be I think God. It didn't work because I wouldn't have her and I wouldn't be where I am. That was just like when I was
Jessica Tate: I was out I was rock bottom with my addiction and I had enough by thank God every day that I didn't. I mean, I would never do that. I guess I was just really low. At that point, and I that was down with me to do, but
Jessica Tate: Um,
Richelle Direny: Do you think that you have haven't lived
Richelle Direny: Out your life to its fullest.
Jessica Tate: I don't know if it's that or I just spent so long, getting high. And I could be so much further than I am.
Richelle Direny: That's like
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you haven't lived your life to the fullest. And now you've been given a new lease on life and I
Richelle Direny: Want to enjoy.
Richelle Direny: I don't want to die. What you mean dying. That's not an option. I want to now live. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so this semi
Richelle Direny: Injected that fear because now I've gotten to this place. I have a husband. I have a child. I'm living my life I'm doing so well without these drugs.
Richelle Direny: And so now I can really live
Richelle Direny: And I can just enjoy this life.
Richelle Direny: And the accident happen. So while you're while now, you're
Richelle Direny: Looking at life from a different angle. Outside of drugs, something came along the way to stop you from focusing on what can be and what you can be happy with.
Jessica Tate: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And maybe that's what the whole fear with the accident has kind of put in you is this fear that you're petrified of dying because if I die, I won't be able to enjoy what can be. Yeah.
Jessica Tate: I think that is it. I think that is it because before that she never crossed my mind. I mean, I know we all are going to die. That's just how it is.
Jessica Tate: You live to die. Basically, but I
Richelle Direny: Was in the process, while I was living
Jessica Tate: Yeah, I say that I spent like 10 years getting high and doing nothing. That was dumb I wasted 10 years and life is way too short. Yeah. Wasted 10 years getting
Jessica Tate: It for no damn reason
Richelle Direny: What would you like to do in the next six months. That is fulfilling to be able to enjoy life.
Um,
Jessica Tate: I don't know, um,
Jessica Tate: Well, sleep without drugs and then eventually start
Jessica Tate: Like weaning off this medicine because my, my goal is to sleep without a drug and live without a drought.
Jessica Tate: I don't know, but I'm
Richelle Direny: Not weaning off of them. The medication, not
Richelle Direny: Not thinking about as it's drug related. What would you like to do to enjoy life in the next six months.
Jessica Tate: I don't do what I'm doing, raising my baby.
Richelle Direny: I mean occasion.
Jessica Tate: How
Richelle Direny: was the last time you went on vacation.
Jessica Tate: Oh, never. Wow. When I was a kid when I live with them when I live with my parents. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So you don't know how to enjoy life.
Jessica Tate: Know my, I mean,
Jessica Tate: For the 10 years I like I said I was getting high like this is
Jessica Tate: I guess this was kind of vacation but where I've been clean for two years. It does get kinda. Oh, that would be nice to go
Jessica Tate: go on vacation. Well, I guess we did have kind of a little vacation when I went and met Dr. Malik because we stayed in a hotel. And that was kind of cool. But that's, I mean that's that's pretty much it.
Jessica Tate: But that's
Jessica Tate: How
Richelle Direny: That's a doctor.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, became and so
Richelle Direny: So maybe when we meet again will speak specifically about that. And I want you to the next time we meet, I want you to really think about
Richelle Direny: What is it something that you would like to enjoy with your family, even with your daughter. Like here we have Disney we have like Disney World.
Richelle Direny: I would take my kids to Disney. Now it's ridiculously expensive dangle no doc on this.
Richelle Direny: Let's say we go to Disney, you have the princesses, you have this you have that you have the rides. You're living it up.
Richelle Direny: I think until you experience that and you get a taste of what life can be I think it will shift your focus on enjoying life then to focus on not enjoying life because right now. You have nothing to preoccupy your mind.
Richelle Direny: Because you're kind of a part of the mundane, you're just doing
Richelle Direny: Hey, I get up every day. I take care of my daughter. I do my duties. If I gotta go somewhere. I go, my the highlight of my life is if I drive an hour down the road to go see a doctor. That's the highlight
Jessica Tate: Yeah. Yeah, basically. That is the truth that's 100% true
Richelle Direny: So I think, between now and the next time we meet, let's talk about
Richelle Direny: What are some things that you would like to do
Richelle Direny: weaning off the Suboxone it's a goal, but it said
Like it's yes
Jessica Tate: That's my ultimate goal like
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's why I'm at right now because
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: The other thing about like sleeping is identifying. Is there anything medical going on that's that's that's disrupting your sleep. You have to be able to identify that could be something going on your
Richelle Direny: Gift and met you have to rule out anything medical that could be causing that not popping another pill. Now granted, if you need a medication. Hey, but it's identify. Is there anything underlining medically going on.
Richelle Direny: Now once you read those things out. I think there is there something inside of you.
Richelle Direny: That wants to go experience. Think about when you sit there and watch TV, and you see all these wonderful things on the TV and you're like, man. That would be nice. I would love to do that.
Richelle Direny: I think once we come up with an idea. What is it that you would like to do try to attain at least one of those things come back and let's talk about how it makes you feel
Richelle Direny: And then we move from there, because then it would decrease your anxiety around dying because you you look at for the last 10 years of my life. This is what I was doing. Now, I've been given a new lease. But what is there to do
Richelle Direny: Excitement was when I was hot because I was doing things
Richelle Direny: I was excited
Richelle Direny: Right now I'm not high life is pretty boring.
Jessica Tate: It is is very boring.
Richelle Direny: It's very so we, but we have to find a way to not make it boring and there are plenty of ways. The thing is, you have never really truly experience what life can be with out any kind of additives. Yeah, and that's what it is. You just don't know what life is without a
Richelle Direny: You have a little girl. There is so much she dressed up like a princess. I don't know if they have Chucky Cheese. There are the little things there and go
Jessica Tate: We have Family Dollar and Dollar General
Richelle Direny: Will try to cheese's the little place with the guy that
Jessica Tate: Yeah, we
Jessica Tate: We have Chucky Cheese. But it's a two hour drive
Jessica Tate: Either north or south, but like in our actual town we have Family Dollar, Dollar General so we go
Jessica Tate: Oh, and that
Jessica Tate: And that's moving on. That is having that stuff.
Jessica Tate: So yeah, so if we were to, I would love to take her there actually because I I had one of my birthdays there. But yeah, it'd be I'm pretty sure there's one in Columbus, and that's about two hours away from here.
Richelle Direny: And even if you decided to one day plan a trip.
Richelle Direny: To Chuck
Richelle Direny: Experience that she will
Richelle Direny: Have enjoying that as a mom.
Jessica Tate: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're seeing that I think will make your wheels start turning to say, Man, I really need to find other things that we can't do it. That's how you take out a new lease. That's how you start wanting to now enjoy life more you do that the less you think about dying. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Dying is going to come, we have no control over it.
Richelle Direny: There and ponder on the fear of time. Yeah.
Jessica Tate: And I do and I do need to stop that.
Richelle Direny: But you can't stop it things either don't just stop because something very real happened to you that created this emotion.
Jessica Tate: You got into an
Richelle Direny: Accident so it's not we're not going to get over it. We're going to work through it. We're going to understand the emotion and why understanding the emotion, you're going to work through it.
Richelle Direny: We're understanding that fear of dying is what's your real cost right now. It could be something else. But right now we're going to identify the fear of dying. So how do we get through it. How about I learned how to live and not worry about dying.
Richelle Direny: Because the more I learned how to live the less I think about dying because that dying is gonna come
Richelle Direny: Pitchfork guys going to whatever the picture that
Richelle Direny: That right, one day when it comes, we don't know, but instead of me worrying about that. I'm going to now think about how I can live. And that's what we'll do throughout our next thing or next
Jessica Tate: Alright, well, we'll end our thing.
Richelle Direny: I'll let me find out before
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Jessica Tate: I really like I said scholars very against it.
Jessica Tate: And I just want to know more about it because I make the final decision on that.
Jessica Tate: I love
Richelle Direny: appointment with you.
Jessica Tate: Hmm.
Richelle Direny: Does she make an appointment with you.
Jessica Tate: Todd. No, she said.
Jessica Tate: She told me to talk to you first. And so I just rather you find out more about it, and then I'll talk to you about it. Whenever you talk to her about it.
Richelle Direny: Who Dr. Jamison said
Jessica Tate: Yes, oh yes.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Jessica Tate: I need. Yeah, because she said you
Jessica Tate: You have to make the ultimate because you have to, you'll know whether someone's
Jessica Tate: Strong enough in their sobriety.
Jessica Tate: To do that, but, um, and what's that called again because I'm going to look it up. What's it called
Richelle Direny: E N, D, R.
Jessica Tate: G. D. Okay.
Jessica Tate: Yeah look that up. And we're going to schedule right now. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Let's do um
Jessica Tate: I've gotten a little bored or a dry erase board I put on my fridge rater so I don't forget appointments anymore.
Richelle Direny: You do groups every Wednesday do groups once a month.
Jessica Tate: Yes, I, I see her tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's do the 26
Jessica Tate: May 26 okay
Jessica Tate: What time
Richelle Direny: Let's do five
Okay.
Richelle Direny: And I'll send you a reminder, like I did.
Jessica Tate: Okay, and you said that he and Dr.
Richelle Direny: He has an egg M.
Richelle Direny: D as in dog. Our. It's called or
Richelle Direny: It's something I movement desensitization desensitization. Okay.
Jessica Tate: All right. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's what the sense of I movement desensitization something or the other. But yeah, you can read something with the AI in the sleep.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Jessica Tate: Yeah, I don't know about that. But yeah, oh, it's talking about it. Hopefully you've talked to her. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Let's just table that whole
Yeah.
Jessica Tate: Me. All right.
Richelle Direny: All right then, Jessica.
Jessica Tate: All right, thank you show
No.
Richelle Direny: No.
Hannah Gunter: Hello.
Hannah Gunter: Hi, how are you
Richelle Direny: Good, how are you
Hannah Gunter: I'm here.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: So what happened.
Hannah Gunter: Um, I have been signed into the virtual clinic for almost 45 minutes now and they put me in a breakout room and they forgot about me.
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. I can't see you.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, my internet is acting up like really bad. And when I turned my video on it like cuts me off.
Richelle Direny: Check your women and put you in a breakout room.
Hannah Gunter: His name is Ken
Richelle Direny: Okay, it's been a lot and I know we had a session.
Hannah Gunter: Excuse me.
Richelle Direny: Hold on one second.
Richelle Direny: Sorry.
Hannah Gunter: In April, sometime
Richelle Direny: So how's everything going
Hannah Gunter: Fine. And the reason I had to reschedule my last appointment my oldest daughter has lupus and I was at Children's Hospital with her so
Hannah Gunter: I've been dealing with that.
Richelle Direny: Well, she was recently diagnosed with lupus.
Hannah Gunter: Oh no, she's been diagnosed for going on, five years now.
Hannah Gunter: She just had a, you know, she just got sick.
Hannah Gunter: And it was really hard. You know, because of the coronavirus and whatnot.
Richelle Direny: Sorry to hear that. I know the last time we met was in March.
Hannah Gunter: Was it in March.
Hannah Gunter: I know one time he rescheduled with me.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it was a common name he scheduled for for Thursday but for whatever reason. I don't know who these appointments, but I had you like twice on my calendar this week.
Hannah Gunter: Rochelle They don't really know what they're doing and admissions like they they're all over the place.
Richelle Direny: On my calendar for today and for Thursday at 10 o'clock and I'm like I'm at 10 in the morning.
Hannah Gunter: I mean, if you would rather meet on Thursday, that's fine.
Richelle Direny: No, I mean, I just figured out. Just keep your now instead of Thursday morning. So I just kept this appointment.
Hannah Gunter: Okay, that's fine.
Richelle Direny: So, but, um,
Hannah Gunter: I was just waiting.
For meals.
Richelle Direny: I've seen you on here twice on my calendar look in the same week
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Let's pull up your
Richelle Direny: I know the last time we met, um, you weren't in the greatest place.
Richelle Direny: My pink you had things going on. I know you said it wasn't a good day that day.
Hannah Gunter: I probably I was just probably having a bad day. You know, everybody does every now and then.
Hannah Gunter: I just have, you know,
Richelle Direny: I'm trying to pull this up.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you just celebrated a birthday.
Hannah Gunter: I did, I did almost like I'm 34
Hannah Gunter: OH WAIT FOR YOU, JOHN, yes.
Richelle Direny: Very for years. Yeah. What exciting things did you
Hannah Gunter: Give me
Richelle Direny: So what
Hannah Gunter: My husband called me out for dinner and a movie.
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow. So he he was able to take you out for movie before all of this Quran and things started.
Hannah Gunter: Well, we kind of Netflix on the couch and order pizza. But you know, I call it that he doesn't mean
Richelle Direny: That is cute. He took me out for dinner.
Richelle Direny: Netflix and the homemade
Hannah Gunter: Dinner there well we order pizza hut. So yeah, we did the contact contact list delivery.
Richelle Direny: That's cute. I like it. I like
Richelle Direny: To do that one day and just sit aroma and say hey you know what it's
Hannah Gunter: It was nice.
Let's see.
Richelle Direny: I'm trying to look to see if the last time that we met. We had come up with
Richelle Direny: The your goals of treatment. That's what I'm trying to identify here. Yes. So the last time we met.
Richelle Direny: We talked about
Richelle Direny: You getting an appointment.
Richelle Direny: With the psychiatrists
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, I had my case manager Emily Webster, she is supposed to be emailing me I'm a psychiatrist, you know that do Tele health
Hannah Gunter: Mm hmm. Because well for one everything that's going on right now. And I just prefer to do it, you know.
Hannah Gunter: Over Tele health instead of in person.
Richelle Direny: I
Hannah Gunter: Don't think I don't think she's been in the office because of everything that's going on. So, and I actually sent her an email last night. I'm just waiting to hear from her.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, I mean I think everyone is doing kind of tele health
Richelle Direny: Services now.
Richelle Direny: You know a lot more professionals PARKING LOT MORE PROVIDERS are becoming more accepting of the tele health
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, that's, I mean, that's a good thing. I, I really do like it because I don't like doing you know a lot of people. Anyways, I'm, I'm a loner.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: What about. And so you've been on you've been on your prescribed medication and that's going well for you.
Yes.
Hannah Gunter: Yep. I mean, when she first dropped me down. You know, I kinda I was
Hannah Gunter: Kinda edgy, I guess, but I'm okay now.
Hannah Gunter: I just had to get you know adjusted to my dose.
Richelle Direny: And then the other thing that we talked about during our last session.
Richelle Direny: It talks about your anxiety and increased a lot
Richelle Direny: I know your brother has had
Richelle Direny: His own arm issues because he had he had a head injury, right, like his
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, he had a spinal meningitis.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so you're you're talking about your anxiety had increased a lot
Richelle Direny: How was
Hannah Gunter: I yeah i just i don't know i
Hannah Gunter: Mean I get stressed out, you know, just like everyone else. And I don't know. Some days are better than others. You know, some days are not
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Because they there was a quiet at that time when I met with you. There was quite a few things. It was not just on your brother, then you were having, you know, marital issues.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, I mean I was struggling with, you know, like I said, My dosage being dropped and I think I was just a little more emotional then
Hannah Gunter: If that makes sense.
Richelle Direny: So then, everything was kind of heightened to this.
Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, it says we talked about. I'm looking at
Richelle Direny: You having a little bit more positive self talk
Richelle Direny: Where it's more focused on self love and we talked about one of the things that I encouraged or I mentioned was
Richelle Direny: Looking at your own potential having
Richelle Direny: Potential
Richelle Direny: How has that been like great potential. Like, how does that go with
It.
Hannah Gunter: It's been
Hannah Gunter: It's been going good. I'm looking into my god
Hannah Gunter: I'm going to be taken it, you know, within the next couple weeks.
Hannah Gunter: Are you that way, you know,
Hannah Gunter: Excuse me.
Richelle Direny: You've been studying for it.
Hannah Gunter: Oh yeah, and I'm gonna, you know,
Hannah Gunter: Go take my test. That way I can further my myself and you know go for my goals that I have in life.
Richelle Direny: What are one of those goals that you've been that you have
Hannah Gunter: To finish school that's my number one goal.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so you're starting off with getting your GED, but
Richelle Direny: What is it that you're after that. What did you wanted to go to school for
Hannah Gunter: I would love to be a drug counselor.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And that's something that you always had my compassion about is to be a
Hannah Gunter: Problem. Ever since I was 15 years old.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and was, um,
Richelle Direny: Have you ever
Richelle Direny: Like made a goal, like you have timelines as to what you're working towards something
Hannah Gunter: I've met. I mean, I've made goals, of course, but I struggle with, you know, getting motivated. I guess to
Hannah Gunter: go that direction, sometimes
Hannah Gunter: So I really don't have a timeline. That's what I need to, you know,
Hannah Gunter: Focus on and that's
Hannah Gunter: hard sometimes.
Richelle Direny: With your husband being in school. I mean, I'm sure he does a lot of studying he's in law school. Yeah, I'm debt is that some degree of motivator for you just kind of see the process as he goes through it.
Hannah Gunter: Most definitely.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And in what we have had encouraged you
Richelle Direny: Like to gain some motivated. Like, even though you you it's still a daily struggle motivation daily thing.
Richelle Direny: You have to get like renewed motivation every day.
Hannah Gunter: Right, I have to want to do it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah and outside of wanting to do it no matter how much you want to do something, you still have to get like a first dose of motivation every day, especially if you're frustrated with something
Hannah Gunter: Right, and that's what I'm saying. You know, I wanted you know those are my goals and I will achieve them. It's just putting a timeline on it.
Richelle Direny: Okay. When did you start your GED program.
Hannah Gunter: Um, I've been studying for my classes, probably, or maybe a couple months now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so it seems like even though you're saying that you don't have motivation or your
Hannah Gunter: Oh no, I
Hannah Gunter: I mean I have motivation. It's just some days it's harder for me to, you know,
Hannah Gunter: motivate myself.
Richelle Direny: To stay motivated
Right.
Hannah Gunter: And that's what bring and then, you know, Brandon helps me with that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I mean, sometimes when you look at those GD books and everything that you have to review that will make anybody get unmotivated.
Hannah Gunter: I just depends on you know I guess my mood.
Hannah Gunter: I'm I'm trying to, you know,
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. And also depends a whole lot on
Richelle Direny: Your medication because sometimes some medication, depending on how it makes you feel at certain times of the day.
Richelle Direny: You know, it's not meant to lose motivation, but maybe could it be that like you get tired and you lose focus. You can't stay focus
Right.
Hannah Gunter: Right, and that's what was happening. You know the last time we met, like I said, Dr. Jamison kept my dosage like
Hannah Gunter: A lot. And she did it really fast.
Hannah Gunter: I mean, personally, I just feel she kind of has a grudge against me and for what reason I have no idea.
Hannah Gunter: And that really sucks because it makes me, you know,
Hannah Gunter: Question, you know,
Hannah Gunter: Everything about my treatment.
Hannah Gunter: I don't like feeling that way you know she won't even schedule a one on one with me.
Richelle Direny: In what way when you say
Richelle Direny: You feel you're saying you feel it's personal.
Hannah Gunter: I do. Yes, most definitely.
Hannah Gunter: I mean I you know I do everything I'm supposed to do. I've passed every single one of my drug test for the whole year and a half. I've been with you guys, you know, and honestly, she's just a bitch to me.
Richelle Direny: Well, what I mean have you been going to your groups weekly
Hannah Gunter: Yes, yes I have. I go to group every Tuesday at 1030
Hannah Gunter: And you know she's supposed to be my doctor. She's not supposed to make me feel like she's against me.
Richelle Direny: Have you and that alone is hard.
Richelle Direny: I have you spoken to her about
Hannah Gunter: No, she won't speak with me. She will not speak with me. The only thing that women says to me is when we're in group when she goes around after you know she's talking to everyone else she tells me you need a refill.
Hannah Gunter: That's the only thing she says to me, that's it.
Hannah Gunter: What would you what so but and I tried to schedule a
Hannah Gunter: ONE ON ONE WITH work. Hold on, I tried to schedule a one on one with her. And when I was trying to scam. Oh.
Hannah Gunter: You're breaking up on told that she has no longer
Hannah Gunter: Going to keep our do a one on
Richelle Direny: Me.
Richelle Direny: You're breaking up.
Hannah Gunter: So going to hurt.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Oh, yeah. So you were breaking up, you were working on
Hannah Gunter: Okay. Can you hear me now.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah okay that that is very discouraging, you know, having your doctor.
Hannah Gunter: Not even want to meet with you.
Hannah Gunter: You know, it's just
Hannah Gunter: It's wrong.
Hannah Gunter: I have not ever done anything to that woman, for her to treat me the way she does.
Richelle Direny: OK. One moment.
Hannah Gunter: And of course that would set you know anyone back
Hannah Gunter: She's a very judgmental person.
Richelle Direny: Well, again, it comes down to, you know, what are your expectations on here it is.
Hannah Gunter: Magic that patients are to have a doctor.
Hannah Gunter: Who does care about myself and more than just giving me medication.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well let me look at
Richelle Direny: The calendar, because I know that
Richelle Direny: You know, one of the things I know for me, because we have to communicate in terms of your
Richelle Direny: Okay, look, I see that you had an appointment.
Richelle Direny: You have an appointment with her. You've had
Richelle Direny: Just said, Yes, I have. But every time that I couldn't make it.
Hannah Gunter: I called into the clinic and told them I couldn't make it. And I've only had that I recall up to a point to one on one appointments with her within months.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well, I heard
Hannah Gunter: It isn't my fault.
Richelle Direny: But her calendar room and I'm just listen, I'm just looking at the calendar and
Hannah Gunter: I understand that, but like I said people in the admissions and then the virtual clinic. They have no idea what they're doing, like,
Hannah Gunter: I don't know, it's just it frustrates me
Richelle Direny: And then when you also cancel it. Did you call to cancel it that day.
Hannah Gunter: I do believe it was a day or two before
Richelle Direny: You know you have three you have three no shows in one missed appointment last
Hannah Gunter: Year, and honestly, Rochelle. I'll be honest with you. The reason I didn't show is because I feel the way I do with about her.
Hannah Gunter: But that's true because in a row.
Richelle Direny: You had one on the
Hannah Gunter: Right. And I skipped I reason I called in and cancelled my appointment every time.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but then to cancel. Okay. Now, if you're saying that and and understand this for just a moment.
Richelle Direny: You are the physician.
Richelle Direny: And I am the patient and
Richelle Direny: We never played hard. Uh huh.
Hannah Gunter: I would never
Richelle Direny: Know, okay, I'm
Richelle Direny: Here what I'm saying. Because remember how you feel about something is how you feel about any could be a person
Hannah Gunter: It could be many wrong and I get that, Rochelle. But I never felt that way until she made me feel that way and I, then you better align your feeling
Richelle Direny: A certain way. Here it is. You're saying that you're feeling a certain way and then three weeks each week, back to back.
Richelle Direny: You are there, you call to cancel the appointment.
Richelle Direny: And you're saying it's not your fault, whatever. But then you just said.
Hannah Gunter: Whoa, I
Richelle Direny: Was of how she makes you feel
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I mean,
Hannah Gunter: You want to see a doctor who made you feel that way. Well,
Richelle Direny: Listen what I'm saying to you, Anna. If a person is making you feel a certain way.
Richelle Direny: It's coming a meeting with them and saying, Hey, I have to have a conversation with you because every time whether I mean group or whatever the situation is, this is we need to address this got the communication.
Richelle Direny: Because then if you don't, then I'm just left to it as you just keep not showing up to the appointment. I can't, I'm not a mind reader. I don't know how you feel, until we have this conversation.
Richelle Direny: Once we have this conversation. And now you're continuing to meet you continue feeling this way, then at that point. It's not making that informed decision to say hey you know what
Richelle Direny: I want to see. It's kind of like, okay, I'm a therapist, and if I make you feel a certain way and we have this conversation that you say, you know, Rochelle. Every time I meet with you if you come off very judgmental. You're very whatever the feeling is
Hannah Gunter: You do.
Richelle Direny: Not I'm not. I'm giving you an example. And if whatever that feeling is you're identifying those feelings. If you're saying this to me.
Richelle Direny: You came and respectfully you, you say, Rochelle. This is how you're making me feel
Richelle Direny: And if after we have that conversation. The next session or the next session. You're, you're continuing to feel that way and you feel that I'm not changing the community. The way of communication and
Richelle Direny: Then at that point, you're saying, Okay, I still want to be a part of the program. I just don't want to meet with you anymore. Michelle.
Richelle Direny: You have that choice, but not showing up and then now saying, I feel like you're being mean to me. But then if I don't know that this is how I'm making you feel
Richelle Direny: Do you understand, but then I
Hannah Gunter: I do understand
Richelle Direny: That but then move every week. Now then, this is the other piece, you go to group every single week, your medication is filled
Hannah Gunter: Even like
Richelle Direny: Even in the group encounters. If I'm still making you feel a certain way, you still have to make the appointment and at least show up to one of those appointments
Hannah Gunter: And have that conversation. I understand that. But why I canceled my appointment is due to how she makes me feel
Richelle Direny: But it's still having the. Okay, here it is that you have your husband, he makes you feel a certain way. Do you think that
Richelle Direny: He may not have no he may have no clue that maybe the way he talks to you. Or maybe he just he has no clue how your he's making you feel. Do you think he deserves the right for you to come and have that conversation with him so he can, whether it's you or him what
Hannah Gunter: Does he know he. I mean, that's a relevant
Hannah Gunter: To what we're talking about my marriage is irrelevant to
Richelle Direny: That
Hannah Gunter: But he knows exactly how I'm feeling because he knows me, he's not a judgmental person.
Hannah Gunter: Okay.
Hannah Gunter: My judgment on me before he knows who I am.
Richelle Direny: And I'm okay. Before your what I'm saying.
Hannah Gunter: I gave you an example here. You hear me.
Please.
Richelle Direny: I am hearing you. And I'm helping you to process it.
Hannah Gunter: And that's why I was processed it plenty
Richelle Direny: Again, not showing up to your appointments and then saying it's because of how you're feeling and the person is not in, you're not having it's if it's your doctor you have
Richelle Direny: To have a conversation with your doctor.
Hannah Gunter: I don't feel comfortable enough to have that conversation is what I'm trying to tell you
Richelle Direny: But I ok but then you you attend the group every week.
Hannah Gunter: Yes, I do. And I don't like putting my business out there in front of everyone.
Richelle Direny: But you in that group. You can send a message and say, Dr. Jamison, I really have a lot of strong emotions to work and I want to have a conversation with you. Is that possible, but then not showing up to that conversation.
Hannah Gunter: And I understand that, Rochelle. But I've rescheduled. Well, I'm not even rescheduled I canceled my appointment. Every time the last three times and now it's she will not schedule a one on one with me. She doesn't want to speak to me. I mean, how would that make anyone feel
Richelle Direny: Did she tell you that she's not what she does not want to speak.
Hannah Gunter: That, yes, that's what people that receptionist in admissions told me
Richelle Direny: I mean, I don't know what
Hannah Gunter: I'm not a lawyer.
Richelle Direny: I'm I again, as I said,
Richelle Direny: It all comes I I can't speak.
Richelle Direny: For Jason I can't speak for Dr. Jamison, but what I am saying you
Hannah Gunter: Know you can't speak for me.
Richelle Direny: I'm not speaking for you, Anna. But right now, you're getting defensive right now you're getting defensive and I'm just helping you to be for a
Hannah Gunter: Hug I
Hannah Gunter: Because I feel
Hannah Gunter: That every I just
Hannah Gunter: I feel like it doesn't matter how I feel.
Hannah Gunter: She has put judgment on me from day one.
Hannah Gunter: And no one time did I ever deserve it. No wonder I would cancel my appointments
Hannah Gunter: And I think I'm done with this appointment today.
Hannah Gunter: I would like to just pick it up another time.
Hannah Gunter: That's why I reschedule and cancel my appointments
Richelle Direny: But then if I
Hannah Gunter: Just
Hannah Gunter: I just like I said no one time. Have I failed a drug test nor Mr growth in the past year.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but you don't miss the groups and you don't feel your drug test. But Anna again.
Richelle Direny: Just for a moment just stopping because I know you're getting really emotional but just for a moment. Let's
Hannah Gunter: Get really pissed off. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Again, as I said, it's having the conversation with the person. It's not just not showing up. But it's having that conversation because then you're left with these emotions that are unresolved because you don't want to meet with the person
Hannah Gunter: You understand what where I'm coming from.
Richelle Direny: I understand where you're coming from. But, I'm, I'm asking you if you hear what I'm recommending
Hannah Gunter: I hear
Hannah Gunter: You. Yes, I hear you.
Richelle Direny: CAN'T. WE CAN'T. WE CAN'T MOVE FORWARD. If you
Hannah Gunter: Tell her that
Richelle Direny: Not when I can't speak for you. I can't speak for you. It has
Hannah Gunter: I don't want you to
Hannah Gunter: So that is not yet American for
Hannah Gunter: Pardon. That's not what I'm asking him for I'm just, I don't know, I feel like you're missing my whole point, and I don't want to get off on a bad note with you.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it's not. I mean, again, it comes down to an emotion and how you're feeling about something, but it cannot be resolved and you're not going to be in a better place if that conversation is not had
Richelle Direny: If you don't have the conversation.
Hannah Gunter: I'm
Hannah Gunter: Trying to have a conversation with you not getting nowhere.
Hannah Gunter: rest my case.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I don't know, again, it comes down to what are you wanting me to get that I'm not getting because I hear you.
Hannah Gunter: I hear everything you're saying is
Richelle Direny: Back to you.
Hannah Gunter: It don't matter. I just, I, I would like to schedule another appointment with you. I think I'm done for today.
Richelle Direny: I mean, if you want to end it, you can and
Hannah Gunter: I i mean i just like I said I would. I'm just, I'm aggravated and I you know I don't want to say something. I'm going to regret. So, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well, when you're ready to
Richelle Direny: Get another appointment.
Hannah Gunter: We can go ahead and schedule right now.
Hannah Gunter: A bad person.
Hannah Gunter: can hit that cigarette, please.
Richelle Direny: My next appointment is on the 18th and
Hannah Gunter: When
Hannah Gunter: Do you have any evening time available.
Richelle Direny: Thursday evening 6pm
Hannah Gunter: Oh, I didn't hear you say that. I apologize.
Hannah Gunter: Did you say six
Hannah Gunter: Yeah 661 my phone. Mr. Cut out. I did not hear you.
Hannah Gunter: Okay, great. I'll see you then.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Hi, how are you
Jen: Good. Sorry, I just kind of fix my hair.
Richelle Direny: No, you're fine.
Jen: With a backup. It was a little, little low.
Richelle Direny: You're off today.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: So how was it
Jen: How am I
Jen: It is, it is very strenuous for that working in six months and having my back problems, but I've been taking my medication.
Jen: And it's actually not too, too bad.
Jen: I mean, I'm on my feet for 10 hours, but it's not in a constant one place you walk around, you know, on a little five foot area. And then if you need to get boxes or whatever you walk down the hall.
Jen: But it goes by pretty quick. And I just think of it as
Jen: They're paying me to work out because it's hot in there and I sweat. You know, so I'm working out.
Richelle Direny: That's a good way to put a spin on it.
Jen: Right, right.
Jen: Because I need to lose a little weight I gained
Jen: But
Jen: Yeah. Other than that, I mean, I like it. I do.
Richelle Direny: You do. So, um, how was it like the commute to and from work. I mean, I know you have to take the bus. You said right
Jen: On the way there. It's about an hour and 15 minutes, which I don't mind but on the way back. It's two hours and
Jen: What actually one of the, one of my co workers. We were just talking and she's all happened to, you know, we still happen to talk about, Oh my gosh, you know, I don't get home, till 830 from work and
Jen: You know I gotta eat go to bed and get up at four in the morning and do it all over again. She's like, Well, where do you live, I'm like, you know, West Side, blah, blah. She's like, I'll give you a ride. I'm right by you. So she's literally off a 71 two exits away.
Jen: So she is getting me and taking me home from work.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Jen: So that's really nice. And I'm but I'm giving our gas money and she's like, I don't want your gas money. I'm like, take the gas money, you know,
Jen: Though
Richelle Direny: It's all working out like coming together.
Jen: Yeah. And then probably within a couple weeks I'll be able to put a down payment on a car or buy a car out right so because I got you know the stimulus Chuck money and I had a little money saved up so
Richelle Direny: You're gonna be able to go in and get
Richelle Direny: I know I know one of your goals was to like within the next six months, you're going to try to start saving up once you get your stimulus money you're gonna put some money aside and
Jen: Right, right. It's going a little quicker than expected.
Richelle Direny: That's good, that's good. I mean, I don't know that rumor has it, which I don't know how true the rumor is because I personally didn't hear it about
Richelle Direny: Maybe there might be another stimulus. I don't know.
Jen: See, I heard something about that too about us getting that every month or like a monthly check in. So, this thing's over
Richelle Direny: I don't know. That would be nice but
Jen: That would be
Great.
Jen: You know, because I'm not getting food stamps like this past three, four months. I haven't been getting food stamps now working because they have a hold of, like, a block on my food stamps, because
Jen: They wanted me to go down town to St. To some office office superior or something to go like do work or whatever. And I said, well, I take care of my mom.
Jen: You know she had breast cancer. This that the other. And it's I've never had a problem but whoever I had on the phone to renew the food stamps every six months or a year didn't want to do it that way. So, you know, I wasn't doing too well before this job.
Jen: And everybody's like, we should be getting food stamps. I'm like, no, they have a block. I tried to go down there to talk to somebody and there's nobody there to talk to. So, um, but yeah.
Jen: I could buy food down
Jen: With my job.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's good. I mean, something will work out. I don't know. I mean everyone kind of has a different you know story in terms of, you know, their journey with this whole
Richelle Direny: Situation, but hopefully
Richelle Direny: I mean, it would be nice. It really
Jen: Would
Richelle Direny: It would help. I'm not even monthly but another one.
Richelle Direny: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: Question is do I have to pay it back.
Oh, are you going to go
Jen: Right, they said, we didn't have to pay this one back. But I don't know. Yeah, that's one thing I have to do I have to check on because I did all my paperwork, you know, on my phone for for Amazon and I did my W tues or fours, whatever they are.
Jen: And usually I claim myself I claim one
Jen: So I get more money back now than at the end of the year, and I really don't know how to do that. But I claimed single so I don't know if that's zero.
Richelle Direny: I think it's one. I think it's one when you
Richelle Direny: Think you could either claim zero or you clean yourself something like that, you know, honestly, I'm not even gonna lie to you. I will never I don't ever know how to fill out those things I always have
Jen: I've always had help with it because
Jen: I don't know how to do it. And then I had to do it on my phone by myself because they had a single and then they had a couple of more other ones and then they had head of households and I'm like, should I put head of household to
Richelle Direny: You both had a house household, because it's just you alone right
Jen: Yeah, but what would be zero, then you know what I'm saying.
Richelle Direny: I believe so. My understanding, the more than number, the less they take out of your taxes.
Jen: So I think
Richelle Direny: If you, the more they take out
Richelle Direny: The chances of you own them in the end of the year is slim and then I think when it's all said and done, they take out more. What if they took out too much, then that's what they reimburse you
Jen: Right. I've always claimed one I've always claimed myself and I got in more money or less money taken out, but I've never had to pay me back. I just rather have more money now that at the end of the year for tax season and get more money for taxes do you
Richelle Direny: Know that means you have less money now.
Jen: And more drawn. Yeah, no, I want more money now and last at taxes.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, and it can be understandable because I understand that sometimes
Richelle Direny: I mean, we need to live today. I can't worry about next year.
Jen: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: I knew LIVE TONIGHT.
Richelle Direny: And I want to today.
Y'all
Jen: Yeah, um,
Jen: Oh, and then I got a new couch yesterday.
Jen: That's me. Oh, yeah. So, yesterday was my first day off. And it's weird because usually I'm just so lazy in this that and the other. Well, I was up at 10 in the morning because
Jen: I moved into this house, a while ago and it has a walk in closet. But there's no like rods to hang the close
Richelle Direny: Date. So what is it like beer wall. Yeah.
Jen: It's bare as a big huge room but bare walls. So I told my landlord. I'm like, I'm not trying to be mean, but you're getting quite a bit of money.
Jen: You know over $700 place. I want a closet. So yeah, the, um, the maintenance guy came over at 11 o'clock, put in my rods in my everything else.
Jen: So now I have a closet. I can hang my clothes because my clothes have been laying everywhere in here. And then I got a new couch. So, yesterday was a good day.
Jen: There's no way I was ready to go. And I'm doing things. I'm like, wow, it's my day off. I just spent four days straight 10 hour days on my feet and haven't worked in six months in here. I'm still raring to go. You know,
Jen: So what today. I'm a little lazy.
Richelle Direny: Tomorrow,
Jen: No, I have Sunday Mondays and Tuesdays off and then I work Wednesday through
Richelle Direny: Four days, four days on three days off.
Jen: Uh huh.
Richelle Direny: Well, you get your 40 hours in four days.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Because there are 12 hour shifts, right.
Richelle Direny: 10 hour. Okay. Oh.
Jen: I could have done the
Jen: But
Jen: I didn't know how my back was gonna feel with that so
Richelle Direny: I mean 312 is nice because then you're all four days.
Jen: Right, right.
Jen: But I know
Richelle Direny: Changing shift like like whatever shift you have is you're stuck with it or
Jen: Um, I think we're stuck with it for 30 days and after that we can change what we can ask to see if we can change, but I don't know what hours, it is, you know, I don't know if it's third shift or I don't know how it goes. So
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, so then it would be nice. Then to
Richelle Direny: Continue with the shift.
Richelle Direny: Does your
Richelle Direny: Um, you see how it's what it's all about. And then, you know, your body is now it's your reactivating have to just going out and you know whatever strain on you know associated with the job.
Jen: And right if you
Richelle Direny: Go, you know what, maybe it's better to do an extra two hours for three days.
Jen: Right, and then
Richelle Direny: You're letting your body recoup for four days.
Jen: Right.
Jen: And then I can get stuff done around here.
Jen: You know, do my doctor appointments do what I gotta do, but I'm going to do this until at least I get a car, you know, because I don't know, like I said, I don't know how the 312 are with the hours.
Jen: I had number I said I have somebody picking me up and take me home now. You know, so that cuts out, you know, a good almost four hours a day, you know, commuting
Richelle Direny: Yeah of course worse.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So what are you going to do
Richelle Direny: I shouldn't say what are you going to do. I mean, I think overall, it seems like you have a pretty good thing going. I have a question. So with Amazon, you're in the warehouse. Right.
Richelle Direny: Yes, so you're packing the boxes or
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So what I'm so like to become a driver. That's why you have to apply specifically for that.
Jen: Yes, I think you you do because a wall acquaintance of mine is a driver and he only works part time but I think that's a whole different
Jen: You know section or will it might even be in a different city because I know there's one in where I'm in in Cleveland, Ohio. There's one in warrens Ville, Ohio.
Jen: There's, there's quite a few, but there's, you know, spread out quite a bit.
Richelle Direny: You know, you mean
Richelle Direny: So there are different locations that does the driving
Jen: Right.
Richelle Direny: I mean, does the different things like there's one that packs and distributes and then the truck comes and picks up everything.
Jen: Yeah yeah and i mean i don't know how everything works yet, you know. All I know is my area is we packed. But then again, there's other areas. I mean, it's a huge warehouse, it's three floors.
Jen: Um, I mean, it's huge. It's huge. So there's so many different things going on there that I'm just a little teeny tiny person, you know, in one area, you know, compared to this big, huge you know hat.
Jen: Warehouse.
Richelle Direny: No, that's good. I mean, listen when it's all said and done,
Richelle Direny: You as a teeny tiny person or as the ends on a cake gets a still get a bite of the cake right
Jen: That's right. Hey, we're, we're, like, one of the most important people because we packed those boxes and how we packed them you know we like put that bubble wrapping, you know, so the stuff don't break you know if the stuff breaks. It's our fault. Pretty much, because we didn't pack it correctly.
Jen: You know, or we did it. We could have put in scanned a different box when it was supposed to be this box. But we scan this barcode instead. So we're might be little bow are very important and
Richelle Direny: Everyone on the bottom of the totem pole makes everything go
Jen: Because if you if
Richelle Direny: You if you're not there. The oil is it like everything is a part of the oil rig, you know,
Jen: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Kind of like the Andy Oh you the answer is not insignificant because he's a part of the food chain.
Richelle Direny: Because
Jen: The food chain. Right.
Richelle Direny: It's very, it's very important, but that's that's that's good that you're able to get something and you know you're part of, you know, the part of the population that now is getting work because there's still people who still waiting on unemployment, there's still people who is struggling
Richelle Direny: You know me. So, or has a family to support and you know has to go out there to get any little thing.
Richelle Direny: Julia supporting that family so
Richelle Direny: That's definitely good that you're able to do that. Um, did you ever look into the chiropractor.
Jen: No, I
Jen: talked to my doctor my my doctor and she put me on what was it Cymbalta for my back pain to with my, you know, and I really liked it and helps my back out with the pain a lot, but I don't know if it was interacting with the Suboxone
Jen: But it was making me really jittery, um, it felt like. I'm like, I was up all day. I couldn't sleep.
Jen: So I only took it for about five days because
Jen: I mean I it was funny because my uncle picked me up and I'm just talking, talking, talking, talking, and I felt like I was on drugs like on speed or something.
Jen: Made me like all
Jen: Hyper hyper and stuff, but it was hell of a good thing on my back. So I meet with her and I want to see if maybe she could, you know, half the dosage because she only gave me like 10 milligrams to start
Jen: Um, a room, but it was crazy.
Richelle Direny: She knows you're on Suboxone
Jen: Yeah, I told her I told her, I'm because I usually the thing was I was taking effect, sir, a long time ago and I liked how that worked with me.
Jen: Through my different doctor and then she put me on select saw just recently, a few months ago and I didn't like that because it made me nauseous. I'm just, it didn't make me feel right. And she's like, okay, well with your back pain.
Jen: Because it's chronic every day. It's not like oh I slept, wrong one day and then I'm fine. No, it's it's every day, she said, Okay, well, since you know
Jen: You're like, anxiety, depression type thing. Sometimes I'm going to put you on the Cymbalta with your back pain and see how that works and it works. Believe me, with my back pain. I was cleaning my house, you know,
Richelle Direny: When the medication were off.
Richelle Direny: Like you have excruciating pain or
Jen: No, like, whoa, like after at my back to normal. It hurt because I told her. I'm like, you know, the Gavin pen really isn't working.
Jen: The muscle relaxers I mean everything she gave me. I'm like, it's not really working as much as it should. But I'm actually taking everything now that I'm you know actually working at a job and it's helping out a lot.
Jen: So, but I don't know. I'm going to talk to her and see what maybe else she can give me for my for my pain that's not going to make me feel like a mind like Adderall or something.
Jen: You know, were some crazy. I don't know. It was just weird because I would just talk and talk and talk and I'm like, I'm a chill person and it just, it was making me
Richelle Direny: Recognize that something right
Jen: Yeah, and I was like my hands were shaking a little bit and my eyes. I felt like my eyes were like thing.
Jen: You know, and I couldn't go to sleep.
Jen: Like it was it was weird. So
Richelle Direny: Did you um
Richelle Direny: Did you, what did she say when you told her you talk to her about like the
Richelle Direny: So like identifying the source of your back pain she decided to just give you some bolts, just to try it out before even looking to see, like, what's going on, or that she refer you to like a chiropractor. She said, That's not necessary.
Jen: No, she hasn't referred me to anything because the main reason I went to her, um, a couple weeks ago is because like six months ago, I don't know if I told you this, about six months ago.
Jen: I like I woke up and it felt like I was like six months pregnant, my stomach was like sticking out bloated. It was hard, and on my left side under my ribs. There was like a
Jen: Like an annoying something there. And then I would have very sharp pains coming from my like left ovary, all the way up under my rib under my breast. On my left arm I'm
Jen: Like, I don't know what was going on. So I talked to her about it and I had to give her a stool sample to see if I had some type of bacteria in my guts.
Jen: She wanted me to go on this like not die yet but you know restricted foods that might be irritating my stomach or something. But there was no bacteria found and then the nurse goes
Jen: There's no bacteria found and the doctor said, if you have any problems if you keep having problems come back. I'm like,
Jen: I've been having constant problems on my left side like there's something under my ribs on the left side that it's just irritating. It won't go away. It's not. I mean, I don't know what it is, you know, so
Jen: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: So that was a movie been
Richelle Direny: Huh, and the sheet. Check it out.
Jen: No, that's what I'm saying. I got negative for that bacteria and she told the nurse to tell me too. Oh, if it persists come back.
Jen: Well, it's been a constant for at least six months, you know, like there's something under my ribs. That's irritating. You know, it's not like painful, but it's just you know it's there, it's uncomfortable.
Jen: So I got a call and make an appointment to see her because it feels like she's just blowing me off. And then I have to talk to her about my back. Because if I can't take any narcotics, what can I take what's the source of the problem. What are you going to recommend for me to do you know
Richelle Direny: C and C and C. And that's the thing you have to advocate for yourself. Because by no means am I suggesting that you don't want to take whatever medication that prescribing to you.
Richelle Direny: At the same time as having that, like, all right, I don't mind taking a medication but you popping another pill on me without identifying the source is not the solution.
Richelle Direny: Right, so you know if it means that, you know, hey, if I need, what do well in Ohio. I don't know how it is. But do they have you have Medicaid right
Richelle Direny: Yes. So with Medicaid. I know like here with Medicaid, oftentimes, you have to do.
Richelle Direny: You got to get a referral.
Jen: Yes, we get referrals. She said, I wanted to do a colonoscopy because sometimes I'll have blood in my stool. I had that a lot when I was using
Jen: But sometimes I still have it. But I think I only get it when I have like maybe a bigger you know bowel movement, but she referred me to get that eventually, but that's not
Richelle Direny: Enough to be doesn't say what sticking with underneath your rib.
Jen: Right. That's what I'm saying. Like I
Richelle Direny: Gotta be your room is not
Right.
Richelle Direny: I've got a medical professional I
Richelle Direny: Don't think your intestine is appointed meet your rib.
Jen: Right, I know law. I'm not understanding what's going on. So I was actually I was going to call it a day. And I totally forgot. So I'm going to call in the morning and try to make an appointment.
Richelle Direny: Put a reminder on your phone. So you can remember to call and just say, Hey, and if you feel like you know it's the next time you're going and you feel like they're blowing you off, just find another doctor, sometimes you got to get a second opinion.
Richelle Direny: Right. Let them know because at the end of the day, the only person who's going to advocate for you is you
Jen: Right, exactly. You don't want to
Richelle Direny: A person to say, you know, here's another pill. Like, it's not a problem. You know, it's not you have a history of taking pills, because sometimes
Richelle Direny: Some doctors can look at it like that. Here's another pill. Maybe that will what will work. But then you have to say.
Richelle Direny: It's not that I have a problem in taking on the pill. But why give me another pill and after the pill wears off. The problem is still there. Yeah. Well, the medication does is mass. The problem. It covers it up.
Richelle Direny: Right. But then it's there. If something is having me and my side, taking a pill only stops the pain but if there's something there jabbing me. How about you go with the paint the source of the pain because I'm sure if you with that, then I will have to pop another pill.
So, yeah.
Jen: Maybe go see a specialist in a hospital because hey, you never know. There might be a little tumor or something there that you know I mean not saying but
Richelle Direny: No, no, but you know you you again, it's all about ruling out
Jen: Things I may have
Richelle Direny: You know I've heard of stories where, you know, you go to the doctor. You're having the real medical issues and you're saying, Okay, well, give me something for it and I've heard Dr. Say no, I'm not going to give you. So I have to first identify what is that's causing this.
Richelle Direny: And then I can treat it appropriately.
Richelle Direny: Right but prematurely giving you something is not going to solve your problem.
Richelle Direny: Right, so definitely you know call her and just say, Hey, you know what, this is how, number one, the medication made me feel though it though it ease the issue, it didn't get rid of it. It only ease the issue, but in easing it this is what happens.
Richelle Direny: And if she then she could just simply say
Richelle Direny: I'm going to lower the, the, the, the medication. I'm gonna look
Richelle Direny: When you go just tell them I feel something here. And this is what's happening. Say no more. Right.
Jen: Right. But there's two issues going on my back. And then my side, so she gave me the something for my back and then tested, you know, for my side, but said, Okay, no, it's not the bacteria. So, blow it off you know this.
Richelle Direny: There's when you touch it. You like well you palpitating you feel something they're
Jen: Like it's like when I touch it. I mean it's, it doesn't bother me, but like sometimes if I sit the wrong way. Like if I sit on the couch with my knees Indian style. I'm okay.
Jen: But if I lean one way. It's annoying. So I kind of got to move lean the other way, I don't know, something is there, it feels it doesn't feel right. That's what I'm trying to
Richelle Direny: Tell
Richelle Direny: You something is sticking
Jen: Yeah, but it's it's like it's an annoying feeling it doesn't like hurt to the point where I'm in tears or anything like that. It's just
Jen: Annoying like maybe I have an inflammation of something under there because I mean I don't eat a lot. I'll have like, let's just say one piece of pizza and my stomach will be bloated like I'm six months pregnant. That shouldn't be happening.
Richelle Direny: This is what I would suggest
Richelle Direny: Call her see. But in the meantime, you can speak to Natalie, not in group.
Richelle Direny: Right call Natalie. That's a private conversation not out you
Richelle Direny: Know, probably
Richelle Direny: Call Natalie and or see if if they can order some tests. I don't know to what level or what capacity. I don't know if they're going to probably refer you out.
Richelle Direny: Just like hey listen this is what's going on and let them to see if they can order test because when it's all said and done, there's only two things they can do blood tests.
Richelle Direny: Or ultrasound.
Jen: Ultra. That's what I was thinking.
Jen: Ultrasound and see if something's inflamed not supposed to be there twisted, you know,
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: One of the
Richelle Direny: I mean, sometimes, like if if depending on the insurance and with the ultrasound. Sometimes they blow it off. Maybe because but you know that's one thing but blood test and then you remember it's not every, you know, they have to specify the blood tests.
Richelle Direny: They don't like because hey, doing maybe a regular CDC.
Richelle Direny: Or CBC
Richelle Direny: Is not going to do it if you're just testing for blood in the stool. That's not going to give you if that was related but if specific blood tests. That's when if there are some norm if there's some abnormalities. That's where
Richelle Direny: You'd have to do. So I will put a reminder on your phone, just so that you can know for your next, I'm just like, listen.
Jen: This is what's happening.
Richelle Direny: When I leave to my side. I feel just tell them I feel like something stabbing
Jen: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Just tell them that I have gotten results.
Jen: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: I just beefed it up a little bit.
Jen: Right, right.
Jen: I'll do that.
Jen: Because seriously, I shouldn't be looking like a nine month or six months pregnant when I eat.
Jen: Like the way I eat. I should be 100 pounds, you know, not with my guts sticking out the way it is.
Jen: So I don't know what
Richelle Direny: It is I've
Landed
Richelle Direny: The solution to problems just by beefing things up a little bit.
Richelle Direny: Right. And sometimes you're not intentionally like because you wanted attention, but you're doing it because maybe you blew me off the first time. So let me be a
Richelle Direny: tad bit and the when, when I beefed it up you muted yourself.
Richelle Direny: What did you say
Jen: Sorry. Somebody was calling me anyway. Why did you
Jen: Know,
Richelle Direny: I said, sometimes when you be things up a little bit.
Richelle Direny: What I mean you're given the description, but you're no
Richelle Direny: Right, friends, it's a doctor is as wise as you make them.
Jen: Yeah yeah
Jen: And like I said, and then maybe the order a couple extra tests to see and it could be those, you know,
Richelle Direny: I've seen on more than one occasions where someone
Richelle Direny: Push the issue.
Richelle Direny: Uh huh. And a doctor responded the exact way. The doctor responded to you. But in the end, only appease the person just so they could feel satisfied that there's nothing wrong. And guess what happens
Jen: Hmm, they
Richelle Direny: Opened up Pandora's box.
Oh,
Jen: Oh geez.
Richelle Direny: So that's the reason why I mean, listen, you just have to advocate for yourself. Because when it's all said and done, I mean you know a lot of people have back pains. But as I said,
Richelle Direny: You know, I really truly recommend
Richelle Direny: That you
Richelle Direny: To advocate for yourself means to identify the source and that's part of your treatment plan because one of the things was supposed to be. You were to speak to your medical provider.
Jen: Right.
Richelle Direny: And to find the source of your back pain, but I don't. So now you're at that point where this is going on. So you're going to do that, it's continuing to find out you know what's going on.
Jen: Right. So now I have two things I have to figure out and fix one being maybe a chiropractor. The other one, maybe starting with an ultrasound, who knows.
Richelle Direny: Well, um,
Richelle Direny: It is the the back is issue, but I think if you're feeling something in your side as the comfort is there and you're saying if you're eating, like you said, if you're eating one
Richelle Direny: If you're really truly eating one thing and in eating that one thing you're becoming really bloated.
Richelle Direny: And all these things are going on, you do need to talk to the doctor.
Richelle Direny: All right about that. And sometimes it is going to a specialist, but with Medicaid, you can't go to a specialist with Medicaid, your, your, your primary has to refer you out.
Jen: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: Um, so it's definitely um you know
Jen: Having a problem. I'll figure it out. I'll definitely figure it out.
Richelle Direny: So it seems like you're on, you're, you're really on the road of working your program.
Jen: I'm trying. But, well, you know what, funny thing is, um, well, it made me a little upset because I just took the drug test right and I passed.
Jen: But the last shark test. I took it came up negative for Suboxone and I was like what the hell.
Jen: I'm like, why is it negative and I'm thinking maybe it was because of those two days that I didn't get my meds because
Jen: Of the problems that I was trying to connect with you guys to get the doctors, whatever. But I'm like, Oh, great. I'm like,
Jen: They're going to kick me out because I don't have anything in my system, you know, and then right after that they sent me another one right
Jen: Out right after that, like, a week and I just did it. And it came back, you know, negative except for the
Jen: Suboxone and I told the like receptionist and she was like, well, maybe it was a faulty drug test. I'm like, Oh God, I hope so, because I know what I'm doing. And I know what I'm not doing
Jen: You know, and I didn't want you guys to think anything. I mean, I don't know what you would think. But, oh, she's not taking her Suboxone but I have to, or else I won't be feeling well. So that kind of scared me a little bit. So, but other than that.
Richelle Direny: I mean,
Richelle Direny: I think even. It's like the second time like you've had a hold on a thing with the drug test.
Jen: Know, I had the first one I took was fine, I believe, because I took it at
Jen: The quest with my blood work. Um, and I believe that was fine. I think I had a glass of wine or something. But I told the doctor.
Jen: I told her, I'll have a glass of wine here and there, but it's not, you know, because she did my liver tests by blood tests.
Jen: But that came out negative for everything. That's when I first started, and then the first test I got here was the one that came back with no Suboxone. But then the second test that I just took it was the Suboxone so I don't know. It was weird. I'm sorry, I'm rambling.
Richelle Direny: No, no, you're, you're fine.
Jen: I just don't want you know you have any problems to like get kicked out of the program or, you know, because I know I'm not using and I know I need my Suboxone every day so
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I mean this program is not designed to put you out of the program.
Jen: Okay, I just, I didn't know cuz you know I don't want I'm not, I'm not the type of person to, you know, like Miss meetings like with you. I did last week because I never gotten taxed and
Richelle Direny: Oh, you don't get because you didn't get the text last week.
Jen: Oh, I did it. That's what I'm saying. That's why I didn't text back and say anything because yeah I was waiting for you to say hey that's make it whatever day preserve your work.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I swear. When you look at your text message when I sent today.
Richelle Direny: Above that you didn't see a text.
Jen: I didn't look but nothing popped up on that text last week, so I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Yeah, I figured it was your first day. And that's why, that's why I said don't worry about it.
Richelle Direny: Because, um,
Richelle Direny: I did, I did know that you were starting work that day.
Jen: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And I remember saying to you. You're sure you want to meet for a session. And you're like, No, no, it will be fine.
Richelle Direny: And so that's why in it. I said, Do you want to reschedule. So when I didn't hear back from you. I figured maybe you were in a place in the building where you probably wouldn't be able to get it.
Jen: Yeah, we're actually not allowed to have our phones at all on the floor, but on Thursday I made sure I had it with me to at least start the meeting. When I was in the building and kind of, you know, wait until I left out because that building. It's very, very loud in there.
Jen: But yeah, I didn't, I didn't get that because you seem today how fast I text back you know
Richelle Direny: I changed. I changed it because I didn't want, I don't want it to go against you because I know that that particular day
Richelle Direny: You um
Richelle Direny: I know that particular day, I know you were starting your job. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And I, that's why I was like, I didn't, because I remember when I was, I said, that's why I didn't give it to you. Like how would send the regular text. And I'm like, You sure you want to meet for our session.
Jen: Okay, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Um, I didn't want you. Because sometimes your first day you can either leave earlier, you can leave late, it just hold on one second. It's getting
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, um, I know that it was your first day of work and just the stress of that. And then I know you said that you commute home on the bus.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so you know what, maybe what we can do is let me schedule you
Jen: Yeah, so now I work Wednesday through Saturday. So, Sunday, Monday and Tuesday I'm free.
Jen: And then I can still make the meetings on Thursdays, to be able to get my prescription. But I might not be able to join. And so about 10 or quarter.
Richelle Direny: After next
Richelle Direny: Monday the 11th.
Richelle Direny: We're going to have a 12 O'clock group.
Jen: I'll be working
Richelle Direny: No, not on Monday.
Jen: On Monday. Okay. Yes. MONDAY THE 11th. Okay.
Jen: I'll do that fun. Hold on, I'm writing it down.
Jen: Okay.
Jen: Yeah, that's that would be perfect.
Jen: Monday the 11 you said at noon or 11
Richelle Direny: At noon.
At noon.
Meeting.
Richelle Direny: So instead of coming to group on Thursday or trying to make it on Thursday, you could just come on Mondays.
Jen: That's perfect, that's perfect.
Jen: Yeah, there were so many people in that meeting on Thursday that was ridiculous. That's why I had to. I was on the bus. That's why I had to say, hey, my phone's dying. It was on like 20%. I was like,
Jen: Just Hello, my phone's dying. I'll talk to you soon.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it is. It is. That's why we're opening up the meeting on Thursday I mean on Mondays.
Richelle Direny: Right, it's, it's, it was in that meeting was super big. That was a lot of people
Jen: Yeah. Are we are you still doing the
Jen: The 12 o'clock meeting on Thursdays to
Jen: And there's a lot of I'm sure there's a lot of people on there until
Richelle Direny: There's a lot of people in there too.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's why I said, that's why I made the announcement that it's because if the group becomes too big on Mondays. Then I'm going to have to open up another one.
Jen: That's crazy.
Richelle Direny: It does. I think it just gives people the opportunity to have options to attend group in that way.
Jen: You have
Richelle Direny: Like so let's say for you. Now you're going to come, you could start coming because you're off on Mondays. Now that you have a job. So on Mondays at noon. You can attend once you're in 30 days. Once your schedule switches. If you're off on Thursdays. If you're on three or four
Richelle Direny: And you could you could choose whatever day
Right.
Richelle Direny: So what I'm going to encourage is, you know, make set an appointment for your to speak with the doctor just letting her know like you know whatever is going on, tried to explain to her the best you can not share too much information.
Richelle Direny: In fence that because a doctor is only as wise as you tell them you want to get the answer, but then sometimes when we share a whole lot of information we present the information to the doctor and the doctor says, oh, that's just the simple solution. Just go take this in your fun
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. But that it's because we're trying our best to explain the information where we make them think that, oh, it's just as simple as this.
Richelle Direny: But if you're saying no, I feel something in my side by sticking me when I lay at a certain angle. I mean, it could even be a guest bubble. Who knows but it's, you know, because gas mobiles can do the craziest craziest things
Jen: Yeah, but against bubble for six months in the same spot.
Jen: You know,
Richelle Direny: And then
Richelle Direny: So yeah, so you know definitely you know just let her know or who and it honestly in this is, you're right. If you feel that in explaining yourself or sharing whatever it is a new feel that you're being blown off.
Richelle Direny: There is a thing called second opinion.
Jen: Yeah, I want to buy other doctor. I mean, they're in the same you know neighbor her family practice, but my other doctor. Um, I love her to death. You know I'm saying she would fix everything. You know, so I'll just go to her and talk to her about it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I would. I would. I would agree with that as well. I would definitely agree with that because it wouldn't. Um,
Richelle Direny: You know, you just want to ensure that it's nothing more than it is. And that they can because, I mean, they need to touch the area they need to do a whole lot of things. So, but it is something any could be also
Richelle Direny: Maybe something that is also contributing or adding to the back pain because even though your back pain has been there before. It could be something added to the back pain.
Jen: Right, and it's never been this band before
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. So, if it is, and if so, if they recognize whether they do an ultrasound blood tests and everything. And it's nothing then now you can move to your chiropractor.
Richelle Direny: And then work with the chiropractor and they put you on a plan because if your ultimate goal. And the reason why I labor on this because I mean I'm not, I'm not a nurse. I'm not a doctor. I'm not any of that stuff. But if it is that your goal one of your goal is to later on. Be
Richelle Direny: To be able to function and be independent of the Suboxone if that's something you want to do like a year or two.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. You will never be able to get to that goal successfully because you have never really address the real the reasons why you started taking it.
Richelle Direny: If you're taking it because you know what, I have a lot of pain or whatever, like I remember you know i watch. There's people who would they felt
Richelle Direny: They got they got hurt. They got an accident or whatever the situation is and that's why they're taking it. They got addicted to pain meds because of that. But then, did you ever really go down the road with a medical provider to work on a treatment plan to manage that pain effectively.
Richelle Direny: Because
Richelle Direny: If that based on that treatment plan. The goal is, you're never going to be able to get off the Suboxone maybe they can lower the doses and and and at different times increase it. Maybe that's not a realistic goal for you.
Richelle Direny: Man, that's the reality of it, you have to
Richelle Direny: Identify. Would that be a realistic goal for you because you don't want to work towards something that you're never going to be able to achieve.
Richelle Direny: I want to become an artist. I know that I don't have the vision for i'm gonna i'm working towards becoming an artist, but that's not just that's never going to be your reality.
Richelle Direny: Right.
Richelle Direny: I want to disappoint yourself and end up frustrating yourself because you're working towards a goal that if a medical professional says, well, I mean,
Richelle Direny: I mean, good luck with that.
Jen: Yeah, I'll figure it out.
Richelle Direny: Yes, my dear, so I have you all set for that. The 19th at four.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. And I will see you
Richelle Direny: Thursday. I'll see you try to make it on Thursday. I'm like, even if you check in. Just try to make it on Thursday, even if you stay for a little bit, because of the commute or whatever the situation is and
Richelle Direny: Then, and then next week, you can just start coming on Mondays on
Jen: Monday. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And I'll make the announcement again in group.
Richelle Direny: Because I'm going to
Richelle Direny: Be announced in both groups again. So to remind people that were
Jen: All right.
Richelle Direny: All right, Jennifer, I have a good one.
Jen: Alright, sounds good. You have a good one to
Jen: All right, bye.